
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.132131                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                132130622919                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               697429054746                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 299643                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   382562                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2119562                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67773544                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 62338.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 18679359309                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   23848430590                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2668928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      5188352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1305856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1304448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1305216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1304320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2669824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2674048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1304832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2664832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      4446720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      5194112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1304192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2672896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2669440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      5198592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             43955840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9443072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9443072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        20851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        40534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        10202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        10191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        10197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        10190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        20858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        20891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        10194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        20819                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        34740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        40579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        10189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        20882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        20855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        40614                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                343405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           73774                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                73774                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        33906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     20199163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        37781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     39266840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data      9883069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        39718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data      9872412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        40687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      9878225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        40687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data      9871444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        33906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     20205944                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        34875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     20237913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        40687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      9875319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        33906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     20168163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        37781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     33653970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        36812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39310433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        41656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data      9870475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        33906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20229194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        36812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20203038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        36812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     39344339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               332669589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        33906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        37781                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39718                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        39718                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        40687                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        40687                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        33906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        34875                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        40687                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        33906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        37781                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        36812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        41656                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        33906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        36812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        36812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             599649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          71467702                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               71467702                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          71467702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        33906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     20199163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        37781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     39266840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        39718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data      9883069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        39718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data      9872412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        40687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      9878225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        40687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data      9871444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        33906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     20205944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        34875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     20237913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        40687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      9875319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        33906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     20168163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        37781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     33653970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        36812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39310433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        41656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data      9870475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        33906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20229194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        36812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20203038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        36812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     39344339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              404137291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              316860008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       21815014                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19471158                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1738317                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14447702                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14213050                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310499                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52153                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230317031                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            123941586                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          21815014                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     15523549                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            27622095                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5719205                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      9511549                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        13939647                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1706282                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    271421802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      243799707     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        4204642      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2135258      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        4160447      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1332470      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3841993      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         607412      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         988741      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       10351132      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    271421802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068847                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.391156                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      228301569                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     11580089                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        27566987                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        22422                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3950731                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      2065617                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        20366                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    138651882                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        38330                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3950731                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      228532940                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       7503408                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      3338938                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        27335721                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       760060                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    138447426                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       108273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       571119                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    181467394                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    627520822                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    627520822                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    147034304                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       34433064                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        18588                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9399                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1803719                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     24950468                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      4066437                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26186                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       924284                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        137733106                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18650                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       128933352                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83361                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24964650                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51117689                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271421802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214932818     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17743556      6.54%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18936539      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10954847      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5678355      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1421254      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1681780      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39417      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33236      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271421802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215821     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88669     23.49%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73048     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101113239     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013169      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22765565     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032189      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    128933352                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.406910                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377538                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529749405                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162716744                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125653307                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    129310890                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102271                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5112403                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          101                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          346                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100493                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3950731                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       6671335                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92305                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137751856                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24950468                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066437                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9393                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46023                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2653                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          346                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1170986                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671675                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1842661                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127304448                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22445550                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1628904                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 100                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           26477550                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19343301                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          4032000                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.401769                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            125682451                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           125653307                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76019870                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       165681297                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.396558                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.458832                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    112615984                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25141373                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18533                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      1727469                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267471071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225514899     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16500920      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10565713      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3352548      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5530908      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1082297      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       685967      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627477      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3610342      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267471071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    112615984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             23804005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            19838061                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17267930                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        98436178                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1412128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      3610342                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          401617709                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         279468595                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               5143253                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              45438206                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           112615984                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.168600                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.168600                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.315597                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.315597                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      591688883                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     163736425                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     147220683                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        18514                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              316860008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       21377171                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19289292                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1121860                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8460367                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7658975                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1182215                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49722                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227030176                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            134352047                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          21377171                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      8841190                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            26582213                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       3524429                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     31497113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        13024776                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1126888                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    287483858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      260901645     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         949511      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1940421      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         826643      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        4417125      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3943840      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         768214      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1589365      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       12147094      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    287483858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.067466                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.424011                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      224692476                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     33848688                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        26484519                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        84247                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      2373923                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1876489                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          437                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    157535577                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2414                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      2373923                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      224990252                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles      31458123                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1370267                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        26305816                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       985472                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    157450770                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       500634                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       326365                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        12636                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    184848457                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    741556972                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    741556972                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    163982574                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       20865879                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        18276                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2283678                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     37163438                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores     18797068                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172379                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       913444                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        157150130                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18331                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       151094289                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        85078                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12100895                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     28968660                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           95                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287483858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233209764     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16580987      5.77%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13406061      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5794490      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7237811      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6855610      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3897115      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       310434      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191586      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287483858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        379889     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2902754     86.20%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84648      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94778525     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1317462      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9047      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36237417     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18751838     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    151094289                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.476849                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3367291                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022286                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593124805                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169273313                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149808542                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    154461580                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       271894                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1439170                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          595                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3966                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117857                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13313                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           67                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      2373923                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles      30695864                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       293937                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157168560                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37163438                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18797068                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9227                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       181358                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          162                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3966                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       656905                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       658522                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1315427                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150043410                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36120106                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1050879                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  99                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           54869947                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       19662171                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores         18749841                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.473532                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            149812319                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           149808542                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        80928539                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       159741357                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.472791                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506622                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121720493                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    143042359                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14143311                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18236                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1146749                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285109934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233035183     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19163033      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8924695      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8781024      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2430708      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10051214      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       763132      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558390      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1402555      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285109934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    121720493                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    143042359                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             54403479                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            35724268                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              9104                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         18888919                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       127199438                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1385419                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      1402555                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          440892685                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         316745593                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4875932                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              29376150                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         121720493                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           143042359                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    121720493                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.603177                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.603177                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.384146                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.384146                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      741804570                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     173966337                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     187608599                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        18208                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              316860008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       27507555                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22900814                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2499773                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10582557                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10076566                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2956494                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116674                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239389082                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            150943265                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          27507555                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     13033060                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            31455129                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       6945801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     21472459                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        14864271                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2389037                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    296745308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      265290179     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1930074      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2430375      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3871719      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1620521      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        2087851      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        2437364      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1115753      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       15961472      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    296745308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086813                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.476372                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      237986311                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     23016633                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        31303697                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        16182                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      4422480                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      4188916                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          819                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    184452049                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         3948                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      4422480                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      238229338                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        776637                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     21562050                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        31077037                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       677756                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    183316094                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        97491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       472533                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    256002508                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    852442644                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    852442644                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    214399077                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       41603392                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        44532                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23291                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2377847                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     17140125                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      8987699                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       106294                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      2089298                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        178991571                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44694                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       171807312                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       169313                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21562425                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43718671                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1854                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296745308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    223928221     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33189837     11.18%     86.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13635903      4.60%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7601038      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10282971      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3175058      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3121680      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1679499      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131101      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296745308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1183034     79.21%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       158037     10.58%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152546     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144725810     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2352479      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21240      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15749167      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8958616      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    171807312                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.542218                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1493618                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008694                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    642022857                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200599625                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167347697                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    173300930                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       129795                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3189800                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          940                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       129050                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           15                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      4422480                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        590168                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        73823                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    179036268                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       139906                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17140125                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8987699                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23292                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64311                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           82                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          940                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1482142                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1401285                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2883427                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168820382                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15495856                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2986924                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           24453783                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       23871891                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          8957927                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.532792                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            167348152                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           167347697                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers       100261011                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       269209263                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.528144                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372428                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124758424                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    153727856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25309131                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42840                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2520997                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292322827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227275825     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32956994     11.27%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11962122      4.09%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5973442      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5452312      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2295777      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2266225      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1080231      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3059899      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292322827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    124758424                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    153727856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             22808971                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            13950322                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             21372                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         22276646                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       138405360                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      3171989                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3059899                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          468299057                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         362496510                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3625684                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              20114700                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         124758424                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           153727856                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    124758424                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.539788                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.539788                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.393734                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.393734                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      759680836                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     233791069                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     170669118                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        42804                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              316860008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       27482792                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22880391                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2496617                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10560024                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10062260                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2954353                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116105                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239181294                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            150823630                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          27482792                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     13016613                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            31428666                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       6937481                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     21697158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5294                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        14850258                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2385984                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    296730660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      265301994     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1928645      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2429833      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3868849      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1612678      0.54%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2083838      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        2440641      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1115092      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       15949090      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    296730660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086735                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.475995                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      237780140                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     23239367                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        31277441                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        16356                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      4417351                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      4184806                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          815                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    184307634                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         3940                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      4417351                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      238023098                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        774877                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     21785764                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        31051030                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       678530                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    183172667                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        97610                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       473327                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    255812876                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    851777518                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    851777518                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    214234276                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       41578600                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        44520                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23295                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2380738                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     17127131                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      8981299                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       106449                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      2091156                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        178849743                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44677                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       171673982                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       170976                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21540320                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43689202                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1869                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296730660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    223969366     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33165059     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13624522      4.59%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7597196      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10272089      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3175495      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3117327      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1678350      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131256      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296730660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1182772     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       158309     10.60%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152389     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144607692     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2350930      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21224      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15741569      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8952567      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    171673982                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.541798                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1493471                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008699                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    641743071                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200435656                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167216909                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    173167453                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       129654                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3187508                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          919                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       129443                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           13                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      4417351                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        588058                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        73774                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    178894424                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       138192                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17127131                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8981299                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23296                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64175                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           79                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          919                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1480880                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1399373                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2880253                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168690945                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15487504                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2983037                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           24439115                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       23852226                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          8951611                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.532383                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            167217548                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           167216909                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers       100182045                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       269002299                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.527731                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372421                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124662510                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    153609687                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25285453                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42808                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2517829                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292313309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227314557     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32933279     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11953969      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5969426      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5447028      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2293576      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2263760      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1080072      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3057642      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292313309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    124662510                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    153609687                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             22791479                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            13939623                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             21356                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         22259521                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       138298982                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      3169555                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3057642                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          468149949                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         362207667                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3620329                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              20129348                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         124662510                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           153609687                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    124662510                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.541743                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.541743                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.393431                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.393431                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      759099753                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     233609089                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     170536143                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        42772                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              316860000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       27499496                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22894313                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2500859                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10591230                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10076181                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2957024                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116496                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239383608                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            150911796                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          27499496                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     13033205                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            31451586                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       6946150                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     21447535                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        14864469                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2390007                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    296710651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      265259065     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1930115      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2432116      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3872078      1.31%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1619940      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2086834      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        2438090      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1115620      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       15956793      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    296710651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086788                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.476273                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      237978965                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     22993558                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        31300089                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        16259                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      4421775                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      4187245                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          796                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    184415335                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         3900                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      4421775                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      238222122                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        774244                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     21541414                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        31073412                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       677674                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    183277845                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        97892                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       472404                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    255957235                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    852276341                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    852276341                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    214370217                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       41587018                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        44586                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23348                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2381031                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     17140157                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      8984741                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       105696                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      2093754                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        178962026                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44745                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       171783799                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       170402                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21553390                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43710590                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1913                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296710651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302699                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    223897564     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33190746     11.19%     86.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13634988      4.60%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7602511      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10279425      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3175599      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3119664      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1679367      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       130787      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296710651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1182399     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       158543     10.62%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152499     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144702643     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2352664      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21237      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15751293      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8955962      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    171783799                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.542144                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1493442                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008694                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    641942093                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200561083                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167320515                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    173277241                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       129434                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3191701                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           70                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          927                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       127295                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      4421775                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        587704                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        74012                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    179006775                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       139080                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17140157                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8984741                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23349                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64465                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           81                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          927                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1484593                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1399634                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2884227                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168794734                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15496211                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2989065                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           24451436                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       23868046                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          8955225                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.532711                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            167320972                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           167320515                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers       100248167                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       269175002                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528058                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372427                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124741610                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    153707200                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25300343                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42832                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2522105                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292288876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227246628     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32956693     11.28%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11961895      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5973274      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5450178      1.86%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2294458      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2265809      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1080489      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3059452      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292288876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    124741610                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    153707200                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             22805902                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            13948456                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             21368                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         22273687                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       138386757                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      3171573                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3059452                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          468236109                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         362436897                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3626171                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              20149349                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         124741610                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           153707200                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    124741610                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.540131                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.540131                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393681                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393681                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      759562493                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     233758744                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     170634173                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        42796                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              316860008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       27475378                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22877461                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2497814                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10551925                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10061688                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2953952                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116169                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239173186                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            150784435                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          27475378                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     13015640                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            31427500                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       6937675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     21726264                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        14848927                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2386733                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    296749446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624279                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      265321946     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1930133      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2437039      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3871344      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1614945      0.54%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        2080724      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        2431994      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1109632      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       15951689      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    296749446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086711                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.475871                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      237770436                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     23270594                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        31275916                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        16148                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      4416347                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      4180397                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          810                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    184251096                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         3934                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      4416347                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      238014627                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        776428                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     21814809                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        31048196                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       679029                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    183109856                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        97234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       474055                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    255755020                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    851506656                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    851506656                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    214216643                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       41538368                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        44513                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23290                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2385979                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     17123766                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      8972237                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       106188                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      2093367                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        178799161                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44673                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       171624098                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171337                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21539101                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43676961                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1869                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296749446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    224000250     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33164045     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13627850      4.59%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7592069      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10268363      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3167803      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3119413      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1678023      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131630      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296749446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1184789     79.26%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       157695     10.55%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152343     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144569879     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2351354      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21222      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15738144      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8943499      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    171624098                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.541640                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1494828                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008710                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    641663805                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200383873                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167171138                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    173118926                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       129059                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3185288                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          945                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       121110                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           14                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      4416347                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        589349                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        73928                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    178843838                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       139937                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17123766                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8972237                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23291                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64408                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           84                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          945                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1480875                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1399357                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2880232                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168644052                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15485292                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2980044                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           24427882                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       23845630                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          8942590                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.532235                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            167171733                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           167171138                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers       100170614                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       268938365                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.527587                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372467                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124652236                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    153597035                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25247523                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42804                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2519018                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292333099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227335204     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32936461     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11951092      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5970756      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5445468      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2293124      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2264414      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1080494      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3056086      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292333099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    124652236                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    153597035                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             22789598                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            13938475                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             21354                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         22257693                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       138287576                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      3169289                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3056086                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          468120713                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         362105516                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3622283                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              20110562                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         124652236                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           153597035                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    124652236                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.541952                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.541952                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      758895493                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     233569042                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     170487029                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        42768                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              316860008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       21795637                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19455198                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1737289                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14438697                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14199048                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1308905                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230137776                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            123839090                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          21795637                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     15507953                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            27597512                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5717213                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      9417332                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13928250                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1704949                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    271122781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      243525269     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        4200040      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2132665      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        4155377      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1331851      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3837985      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         608099      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         988176      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10343319      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    271122781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068786                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.390832                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      228125747                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     11482496                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        27542562                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        22198                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3949774                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      2062813                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        20357                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    138541341                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        38384                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3949774                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      228356664                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       7439271                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      3307472                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        27311671                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       757925                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    138336019                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          284                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       106469                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       571038                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    181317263                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    627033592                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    627033592                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    146889334                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       34427913                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        18580                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9400                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1799913                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     24936808                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      4062257                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26171                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       926512                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        137626196                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18645                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       128824732                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82810                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24967729                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51140245                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          130                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271122781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214686235     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17723047      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18917956      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10949118      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5672705      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1420549      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680556      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39402      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33213      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271122781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215189     57.14%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88545     23.51%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72897     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101028008     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1011933      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9180      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22747824     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4027787      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    128824732                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.406567                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376631                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529231686                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162612914                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125543913                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    129201363                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102098                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5116393                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          136                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          348                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100602                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3949774                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       6608226                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92207                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137644945                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18273                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24936808                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4062257                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9396                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46124                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2710                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          348                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1169626                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672739                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1842365                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127194791                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22427098                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1629941                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 104                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           26454692                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       19325114                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          4027594                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.401423                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            125572770                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           125543913                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        75957623                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       165558772                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.396213                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.458796                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99904156                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    112506380                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25144178                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18515                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1726454                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267173007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225259023     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16482219      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10556541      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3350269      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5524443      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1081007      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       685835      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       626905      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3606765      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267173007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     99904156                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    112506380                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             23782067                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            19820412                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              9237                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17251313                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        98339839                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1410597                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3606765                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          401216423                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         279254048                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               5138683                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              45737227                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          99904156                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           112506380                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     99904156                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.171640                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.171640                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.315294                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.315294                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      591185941                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     163595622                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     147097297                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        18498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              316860008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       21834664                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19489889                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1740638                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14471348                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14226056                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1311707                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52354                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230583173                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            124064731                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          21834664                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     15537763                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            27649036                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5726804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      9422559                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        13955187                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708307                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    271631152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748177                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      243982116     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        4208419      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2136420      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        4163867      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1334515      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3845783      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         608389      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         990141      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10361502      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    271631152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068909                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.391544                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      228565819                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     11493374                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        27593762                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        22235                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3955958                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      2066372                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        20398                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    138792139                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        38342                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3955958                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      228797429                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       7407585                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      3348223                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        27361868                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       760085                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    138585752                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          268                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       107322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       572100                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    181648016                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    628158184                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    628158184                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    147175275                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       34472729                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        18618                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9421                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1805735                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     24978421                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      4070096                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26078                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       926945                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        137874229                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18683                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       129062266                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83270                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24997162                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51190396                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271631152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    215086491     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17757956      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18956812      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10968217      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5684219      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1421599      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1683150      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39400      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33308      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271631152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215684     57.12%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88765     23.51%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73124     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101214794     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013849      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9198      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22788565     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4035860      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    129062266                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.407316                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377573                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    530216527                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162890420                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125778770                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    129439839                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102270                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5119937                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          119                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          352                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100715                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3955958                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       6574428                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92554                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137893020                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18477                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24978421                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4070096                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9416                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46499                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2624                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          352                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172420                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672093                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1844513                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127430901                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22467792                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1631365                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 108                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           26503452                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19361307                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          4035660                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.402168                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            125807855                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           125778770                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        76096308                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       165854222                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.396954                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.458814                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100097898                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    112724862                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25173746                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18551                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1729774                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267675194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225680553     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16515147      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10575567      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3356841      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5534844      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1082466      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686822      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       628212      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3614742      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267675194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    100097898                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    112724862                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             23827865                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            19858484                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              9255                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17284770                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        98530893                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1413351                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3614742                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          401958683                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         279756341                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               5148880                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              45228856                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         100097898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           112724862                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    100097898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.165501                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.165501                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.315906                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.315906                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      592283083                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     163901713                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     147367354                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        18534                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              316860008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       27490221                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22885921                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2499160                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10578793                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10072164                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2955487                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116361                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239290363                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            150853731                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          27490221                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     13027651                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            31438579                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6942803                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     21579966                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3798                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        14858292                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2388427                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    296733714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      265295135     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1929670      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2430828      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3868353      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1619283      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        2086503      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        2437866      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1115846      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       15950230      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    296733714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086758                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.476090                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      237884372                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     23125678                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        31287250                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        16303                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      4420106                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      4186536                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          818                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    184345640                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         3924                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      4420106                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      238127510                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        774915                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     21672453                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        31060557                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       678163                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    183210074                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        97926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       472500                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    255855643                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    851956458                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    851956458                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    214289886                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       41565757                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        44561                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23331                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2380436                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     17132369                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      8983594                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       105783                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      2091704                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        178894600                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44722                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       171720056                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       169695                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21540618                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43685602                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1904                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296733714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    223948246     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33177511     11.18%     86.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13629762      4.59%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7600736      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10275114      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3174519      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3118098      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1678650      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131078      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296733714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1181672     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       158381     10.61%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152462     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144647188     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2351476      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21229      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15745358      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8954805      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    171720056                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.541943                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1492516                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008692                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    641836037                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200480862                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167258974                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    173212572                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       129477                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3189105                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           73                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          927                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       129444                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      4420106                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        588141                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        73837                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    178939326                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       139817                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17132369                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8983594                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23332                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64326                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           85                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          927                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1483753                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1399212                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2882965                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168732677                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15490684                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2987379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           24444748                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       23859389                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          8954064                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.532515                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            167259460                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           167258974                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers       100207270                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       269066528                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527864                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372426                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124694897                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    153649670                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25290385                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2520386                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292313608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525633                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227296448     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32943546     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11957600      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5971080      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5448019      1.86%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2293432      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2264774      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1079868      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3058841      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292313608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    124694897                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    153649670                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             22797414                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            13943264                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             21361                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         22265348                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       138334976                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      3170393                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3058841                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          468193964                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         362300250                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3623978                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              20126294                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         124694897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           153649670                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    124694897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.541082                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.541082                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393533                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393533                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      759282382                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     233666538                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     170571199                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        42782                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              316860008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       21768261                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19431707                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1735744                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14436437                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14185731                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1306807                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52023                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    229874418                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            123680805                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          21768261                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     15492538                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            27564295                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5711046                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      9509006                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13913211                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1703678                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    270913271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      243348976     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        4195384      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2130280      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        4151690      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1331664      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3834130      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         606719      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         986776      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       10327652      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    270913271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068700                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.390333                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      227866821                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     11569526                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        27509545                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        22185                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3945190                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      2059256                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        20333                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    138358540                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        38296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3945190                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      228097413                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       7500862                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      3334360                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        27278720                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       756722                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    138154727                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          250                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       107003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       569312                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    181077741                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    626194964                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    626194964                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    146695922                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       34381809                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        18563                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9398                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1795225                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     24906504                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      4055989                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26143                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       924564                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        137442779                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18626                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       128654023                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83021                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24930885                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51058395                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          140                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    270913271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214547283     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17701371      6.53%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18897998      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10934071      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5664302      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1417969      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1677742      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39342      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33193      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    270913271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215049     57.15%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88419     23.50%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72803     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100891079     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1010388      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9166      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22721549     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4021841      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    128654023                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.406028                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376271                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528680609                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162392628                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125378413                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    129030294                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101041                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5108656                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          124                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          344                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100312                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3945190                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       6672759                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92061                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137461504                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18404                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24906504                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4055989                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9392                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46087                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2651                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          344                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1170094                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       670709                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1840803                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127026397                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22400814                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1627626                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  99                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           26422462                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       19299413                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          4021648                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.400891                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            125407183                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           125378413                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        75854989                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       165317523                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.395690                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.458844                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99777626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    112360670                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25106401                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18486                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1724915                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    266968081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225109913     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16460384      6.17%     90.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10541651      3.95%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3344343      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5519302      2.07%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1079412      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       684270      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       626381      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3602425      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    266968081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     99777626                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    112360670                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             23753521                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            19797844                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              9223                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17229290                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        98211515                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1408478                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3602425                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          400832350                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         278882489                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               5134122                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              45946737                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          99777626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           112360670                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     99777626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.175662                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.175662                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.314895                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.314895                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      590407813                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     163375797                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     146911926                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        18468                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              316860008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       22315144                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18247757                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2180219                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9474420                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8830460                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2297217                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97389                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    216745848                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            126517696                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          22315144                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     11127677                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            26534417                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       6310468                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     10012271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        13326418                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2194817                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    257374394                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      230839977     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1442506      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2277890      0.89%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3609781      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1510021      0.59%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1696012      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1781805      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1165040      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       13051362      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    257374394                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070426                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.399286                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      214714871                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     12059544                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        26451990                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        66627                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      4081360                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3659770                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          478                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    154507980                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         3143                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      4081360                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      215031243                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       2400953                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      8702274                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        26207649                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       950913                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    154406514                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents        42399                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       263725                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       344558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents        77190                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    214346466                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    718256906                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    718256906                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    183252508                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       31093826                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        40028                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22310                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2777404                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     14729961                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7918955                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       239380                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1797271                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        154190692                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40149                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       146090990                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183915                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19284982                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42729704                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4420                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257374394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    195711027     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24782870      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13547795      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9212028      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8608805      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2483807      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1922621      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       657063      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       448378      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257374394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33820     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       102020     38.12%     50.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131757     49.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122381007     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2305962      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17715      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13508806      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7877500      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    146090990                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.461058                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            267597                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    550007885                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173517414                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143757165                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    146358587                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       446224                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2636536                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          406                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1626                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       231681                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9091                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           32                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      4081360                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1487770                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       131221                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    154231000                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        61383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14729961                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7918955                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22302                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        96375                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1626                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1278198                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1240152                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2518350                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    144023612                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12709994                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2067377                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 159                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           20585561                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       20280073                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7875567                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.454534                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            143758154                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           143757165                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        84056011                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       219517909                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.453693                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382912                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107638238                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    131934949                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22296455                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35729                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2227050                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253293034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199735283     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25935578     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10098553      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5440896      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4076457      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2272940      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1402015      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1253537      0.49%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3077775      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253293034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    107638238                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    131934949                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             19780682                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            12093416                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             17826                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         18938472                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       118883010                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2679899                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3077775                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          404445948                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         312544499                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3510281                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              59485614                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         107638238                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           131934949                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    107638238                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.943749                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.943749                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.339703                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.339703                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      649501970                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     199271980                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     144131319                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        35696                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              316860008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       21381301                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19295047                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1117229                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8129251                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7661786                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1178907                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49466                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226897464                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            134352182                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          21381301                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      8840693                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            26590644                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3522145                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     31783314                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        13014064                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1122283                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    287648354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      261057710     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         951263      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1951421      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         829721      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        4418217      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3932419      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         761632      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1582277      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       12163694      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    287648354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067479                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.424011                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      224490552                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     34203734                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        26492950                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        84610                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2376503                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1875150                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          434                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    157561974                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2376503                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      224789840                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles      31803429                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1362731                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        26314311                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles      1001535                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    157473971                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          516                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       521339                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       326044                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents        11758                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    184824114                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    741637216                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    741637216                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    164004935                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       20819167                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        18278                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9230                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2296887                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     37169362                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     18806322                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       171868                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       914280                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        157173383                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18332                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       151105459                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        93245                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12136554                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29122381                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           96                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287648354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233357983     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16590587      5.77%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13413429      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5794396      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7242967      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6855528      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3890422      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       311550      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191492      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287648354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        379995     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2900996     86.20%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84471      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94771729     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1318645      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9048      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36254104     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18751933     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    151105459                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.476884                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3365462                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022272                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593317979                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169332224                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149809676                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    154470921                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       271821                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1442269                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          578                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3962                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       125571                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13314                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2376503                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles      31020207                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       299971                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157191818                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1607                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37169362                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18806322                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       184714                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          142                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3962                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       652751                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       658914                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1311665                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150055151                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36129964                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1050308                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 103                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           54880113                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       19660268                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         18750149                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.473569                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            149813680                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           149809676                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        80921137                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       159705132                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472795                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506691                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121734943                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    143059810                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14149436                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18236                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1141928                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285271851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233183235     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19174747      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8926642      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8784615      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2430781      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10045145      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       763001      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558401      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1405284      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285271851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    121734943                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    143059810                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             54407837                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            35727086                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              9104                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         18891392                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       127215036                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1385700                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1405284                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          441075449                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         316795255                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4866659                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              29211654                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         121734943                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           143059810                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    121734943                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.602868                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.602868                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.384192                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.384192                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      741826298                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     173940936                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     187608240                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        18208                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              316860008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       27475421                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22874804                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2497585                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10575053                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10063165                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2953457                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       115970                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239113980                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            150769174                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          27475421                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     13016622                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            31419121                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       6940852                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     21777005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3721                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        14847438                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2386991                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    296734494                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      265315373     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1928293      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2426271      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3869547      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1617680      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        2083462      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        2434126      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1114697      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       15945045      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    296734494                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086712                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.475823                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      237712239                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     23318308                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        31267929                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        16236                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      4419777                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      4183216                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          808                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    184246213                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         3929                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      4419777                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      237954777                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        771518                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     21870293                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        31041822                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       676297                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    183110730                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        97261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       471937                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    255720832                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    851487717                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    851487717                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    214144626                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       41576206                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        44473                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23257                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2374529                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     17125993                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      8976238                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       106354                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      2089017                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        178793971                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44633                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       171610676                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171513                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21552715                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43726426                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1845                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296734494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    224001421     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33149675     11.17%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13621114      4.59%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7593436      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10270777      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3172346      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3117213      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1677747      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       130765      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296734494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1182448     79.19%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       158311     10.60%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152333     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144556165     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2349804      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21215      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15736056      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8947436      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    171610676                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.541598                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1493093                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008700                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    641620452                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200392249                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167152038                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    173103769                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       129527                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3192175                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          936                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       128064                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           13                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      4419777                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        585345                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        73897                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    178838608                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       139923                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17125993                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8976238                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23258                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64382                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           85                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          936                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1480487                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1400250                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2880737                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168626327                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15481543                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2984349                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           24428120                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       23843056                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          8946577                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.532179                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            167152617                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           167152038                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers       100144522                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       268900914                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.527526                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372422                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124610399                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    153545527                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25293849                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42788                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2518779                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292314717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227343992     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32918962     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11949351      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5965303      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5444831      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2292678      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2264086      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1079388      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3056126      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292314717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    124610399                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    153545527                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             22781992                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            13933818                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             21346                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         22250245                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       138241196                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      3168232                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3056126                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          468097109                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         362098574                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3621623                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              20125514                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         124610399                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           153545527                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    124610399                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.542806                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.542806                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.393266                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.393266                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      758804871                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     233525381                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     170471659                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        42752                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              316860008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       21822195                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19478963                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1740852                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14457216                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14215200                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310994                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52235                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230418167                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            123995067                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          21822195                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     15526194                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            27632482                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5727870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      9405063                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        13946778                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708637                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    271432961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      243800479     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        4204852      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2135491      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        4159826      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1335372      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3842967      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         608664      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         989739      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10355571      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    271432961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.068870                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.391324                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      228405798                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     11470573                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        27577317                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        22441                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3956828                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      2064938                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        20392                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    138716691                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        38367                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3956828                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      228636958                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       7457922                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      3276131                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        27346215                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       758903                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    138511943                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       107664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       570586                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    181551304                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    627836348                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    627836348                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    147068905                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       34482383                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        18606                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9414                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1799949                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     24964355                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      4067555                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26387                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       926317                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        137798691                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18669                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       128987122                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83064                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     25004176                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51194263                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          130                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271432961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475208                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214928850     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17743351      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18937723      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10962884      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5681637      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1423789      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1682090      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39456      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33181      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271432961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215738     57.15%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88702     23.50%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73065     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101157840     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013230      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9192      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22773400     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4033460      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    128987122                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.407079                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377505                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529867774                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162821876                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125701954                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    129364627                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       103735                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5121315                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          128                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          344                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100752                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3956828                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       6627853                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92626                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137817468                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18208                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24964355                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4067555                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9408                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46427                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2631                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          344                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172418                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       674043                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1846461                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127353170                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22451648                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1633952                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 108                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           26484907                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19347981                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          4033259                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.401923                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            125731023                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           125701954                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        76051155                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       165787110                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.396711                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.458728                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100023954                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    112642665                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25180368                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18539                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1729984                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267476133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225514204     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16499284      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10568523      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3353712      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5533143      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1081736      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686531      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627239      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3611761      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267476133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    100023954                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    112642665                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             23809838                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            19843035                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              9249                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17272036                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        98459414                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1412430                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      3611761                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          401687028                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         279606071                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               5146198                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              45427047                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         100023954                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           112642665                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    100023954                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.167841                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.167841                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.315672                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.315672                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      591923914                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     163802995                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     147281097                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        18522                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              316860008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       21818124                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19474257                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1740133                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14453723                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14214024                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1311443                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52225                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230424082                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            123970405                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          21818124                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     15525467                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            27627905                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5724423                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      9425042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        13945772                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708140                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    271451571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511742                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      243823666     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        4204590      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2135231      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        4159990      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1333022      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3842967      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         608048      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         989600      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10354457      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    271451571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068857                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.391247                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      228409558                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     11492627                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        27572976                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        22273                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3954133                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      2065669                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        20379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    138694158                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        38374                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3954133                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      228640776                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       7433002                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      3321022                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        27341665                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       760969                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    138491244                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       108112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       572074                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    181516870                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    627738453                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    627738453                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    147065803                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       34451041                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        18593                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9399                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1803681                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     24963452                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      4067548                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26651                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       926369                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        137781386                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18655                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       128978864                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83465                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24989136                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51165958                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          118                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271451571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475145                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214942592     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17751385      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18938999      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10960756      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5682049      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1421428      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1681831      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39357      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33174      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271451571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215612     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88659     23.50%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72956     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101148456     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013377      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9192      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22774870     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032969      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    128978864                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.407053                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377227                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529869991                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162789506                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125691959                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    129356091                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101027                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5121195                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          102                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          338                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100751                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3954133                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       6602485                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92028                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137800134                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18226                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24963452                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4067548                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9396                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        45944                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2601                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          338                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171719                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672966                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1844685                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127345291                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22452084                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1633573                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           26484854                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19346353                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          4032770                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.401898                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            125721035                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           125691959                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        76042561                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       165765339                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.396680                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.458736                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100021325                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    112640036                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25165589                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18537                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1729271                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267497438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225531642     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16505490      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10566638      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3355040      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5530866      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1082806      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686373      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       628246      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3610337      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267497438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100021325                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    112640036                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             23809047                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            19842250                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              9249                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17271595                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        98457222                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1412428                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3610337                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          401692349                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         279568547                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               5144068                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              45408437                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100021325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           112640036                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100021325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.167925                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.167925                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.315664                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.315664                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      591880335                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     163787325                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     147254345                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        18518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              316860007                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       21410622                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19320820                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1122800                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8427225                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7682298                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1179137                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49782                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227318536                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            134521680                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          21410622                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      8861435                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            26627651                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       3532192                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     31366574                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13040776                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1128087                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    287693864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      261066213     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         950490      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1957088      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         832992      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        4421294      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3935225      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         768697      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1586818      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       12175047      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    287693864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.067571                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.424546                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      224981150                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     33717465                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        26530138                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        84434                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      2380672                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1878070                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          434                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    157773674                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2401                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      2380672                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      225279765                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles      31341135                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1353419                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        26350748                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       988120                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    157683423                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       502003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       325202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        14574                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    185068697                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    742599190                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    742599190                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    164211957                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       20856740                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        18299                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9237                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2280934                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     37226060                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores     18837761                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       171909                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       911979                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        157382102                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       151346936                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        98226                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12133468                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     28993346                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           93                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287693864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233328214     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16616185      5.78%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13419624      4.66%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5803556      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7252814      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6866840      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3902802      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       312065      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191764      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287693864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        380527     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2908100     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84960      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94924760     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1319436      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9060      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36316035     24.00%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18777645     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    151346936                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.477646                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3373587                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022290                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593859549                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169537916                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150041119                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    154720523                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272908                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1453668                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          597                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4002                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       133313                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13331                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           61                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      2380672                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles      30573236                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       292782                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157400546                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1646                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37226060                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18837761                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9237                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       182055                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          147                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4002                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       660719                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       657678                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1318397                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150293476                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36186319                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1053460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           54961859                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       19688555                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores         18775540                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.474321                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            150045025                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           150041119                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        81038975                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       159898387                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.473525                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506815                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121888751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    143240478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14177794                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18260                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1147743                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285313192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233167834     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19187223      6.72%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8937432      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8792844      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2434498      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10065867      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       763923      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       559574      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1403997      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285313192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    121888751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    143240478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             54476840                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            35772392                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              9116                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         18915168                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       127375728                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1387427                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      1403997                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          441327103                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         317217448                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4881462                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              29166143                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         121888751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           143240478                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    121888751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.599584                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.599584                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.384677                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.384677                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      742990185                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     174222289                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     187850755                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        18232                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        20886                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.829550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         182890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        22934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         7.974623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.778216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.562241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1677.966460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         338.522633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.819320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.165294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 41490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7636                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                7636                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  41573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41572                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 41573                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               20885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                20886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20851                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               20886                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56859036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16812991258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16869850294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       839912                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       839912                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56859036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16813831170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    16870690206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56859036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16813831170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   16870690206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             62375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7636                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            7636                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              62459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             62459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011905                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.011905                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1624543.885714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 806378.477602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 807749.595116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       839912                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       839912                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1624543.885714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 806380.085847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 807751.135019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1624543.885714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 806380.085847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 807751.135019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               2833                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    2833                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           20886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          20886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53786036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14981916796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15035702832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       752112                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       752112                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53786036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14982668908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15036454944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53786036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14982668908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15036454944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1536743.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 718557.160480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719928.313718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       752112                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       752112                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1536743.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 718558.769747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719929.854639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1536743.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 718558.769747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719929.854639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        40573                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.931954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         224914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        42621                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         5.277070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.640486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     1.533859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1844.464511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         198.293097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.900617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.096823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        48792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 48793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14985                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               14985                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        48827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  48828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        48827                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 48828                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        40485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               40524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                49                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        40534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                40573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        40534                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               40573                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74602496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  38781662821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38856265317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     79403796                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     79403796                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74602496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  38861066617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    38935669113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74602496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  38861066617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   38935669113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        89277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             89317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14985                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           14985                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        89361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              89401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        89361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             89401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.453476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.453598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.453598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1912884.512821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 957926.709176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 958845.753553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1620485.632653                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1620485.632653                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1912884.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 958727.651280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 959644.815838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1912884.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 958727.651280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 959644.815838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               6325                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    6325                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        40485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        40534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           40573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        40534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          40573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     71174926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  35226009614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35297184540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     75100909                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75100909                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     71174926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  35301110523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35372285449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     71174926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  35301110523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35372285449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.453476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.453598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.453598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1824998.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 870100.274521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871019.261179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1532671.612245                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1532671.612245                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1824998.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 870901.231633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871818.338526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1824998.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 870901.231633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871818.338526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        10246                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.142335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         233818                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        12294                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        19.018871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.637235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     4.790983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1417.713138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         584.000979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.002339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.692243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.285157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 33564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10453                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               10453                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  33821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33819                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 33821                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               10225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                10243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10202                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               10243                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105764083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8212212831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8317976914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     18067891                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     18067891                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105764083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8230280722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     8336044805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105764083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8230280722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    8336044805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        43746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             43789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10453                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           10453                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        44021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              44064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        44021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             44064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.065455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.065455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.231753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.231753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2579611.780488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 806383.820797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813494.074719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1003771.722222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1003771.722222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2579611.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 806732.084101                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813828.449185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2579611.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 806732.084101                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813828.449185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               5425                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    5425                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           10243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          10243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    102164283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7317852391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7420016674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     16487491                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16487491                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    102164283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7334339882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7436504165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    102164283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7334339882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7436504165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.065455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.231753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.231753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2491811.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 718563.667616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725674.002347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 915971.722222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 915971.722222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2491811.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 718911.966477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726008.412086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2491811.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 718911.966477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726008.412086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        10235                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.139312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         233792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        12283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        19.033787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.637114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     4.792061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1417.649462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         584.060675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.692212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.285186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        33533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 33535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10456                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               10456                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        33791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  33793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        33791                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 33793                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               10214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                10232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10191                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               10232                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    106970994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8339326244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8446297238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19452868                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     19452868                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    106970994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8358779112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     8465750106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    106970994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8358779112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    8465750106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        43706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             43749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10456                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           10456                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        43982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              44025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        43982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             44025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.232760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.231708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.231708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2609048.634146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 819750.933255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826933.350108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1080714.888889                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1080714.888889                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2609048.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 820211.864586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 827379.799257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2609048.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 820211.864586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 827379.799257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5418                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5418                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           10232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          10232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103369262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7445888114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7549257376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     17872468                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17872468                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103369262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7463760582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7567129844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103369262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7463760582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7567129844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.232760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.231708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.231708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2521201.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 731926.483240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739108.809086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 992914.888889                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992914.888889                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2521201.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 732387.457757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739555.301407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2521201.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 732387.457757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739555.301407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        10242                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.139874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         233795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        12290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        19.023190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.637581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     4.946887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1417.471214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         584.084193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.692125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.285197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 33545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10449                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               10449                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  33803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33800                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 33803                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               10221                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                10239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10197                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               10239                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    111976944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8217394429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8329371373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     13987512                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     13987512                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    111976944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8231381941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     8343358885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    111976944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8231381941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    8343358885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             43766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10449                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           10449                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              44042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             44042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.232817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2666117.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 807288.970331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814927.245181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       777084                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       777084                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2666117.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 807235.651760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814860.717355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2666117.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 807235.651760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814860.717355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5423                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5423                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           10239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          10239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    108289344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7323584172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7431873516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     12407112                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12407112                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    108289344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7335991284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7444280628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    108289344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7335991284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7444280628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.232817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2578317.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 719479.730032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727118.042853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       689284                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       689284                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2578317.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 719426.427773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727051.531204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2578317.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 719426.427773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727051.531204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        10235                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.139092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         233743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        12283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        19.029797                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.636711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     4.906261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1417.294307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         584.301812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.002396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.692038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.285304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 33508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10434                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               10434                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  33766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33763                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 33766                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               10214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                10232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10190                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               10232                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108910031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8358315379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8467225410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     16747610                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     16747610                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108910031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8375062989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     8483973020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108910031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8375062989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    8483973020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        43677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             43722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10434                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           10434                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        43953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              43998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        43953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             43998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.232891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.231839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.231839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2593095.976190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 821698.326681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828982.319366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 930422.777778                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930422.777778                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2593095.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 821890.381649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 829160.772088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2593095.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 821890.381649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 829160.772088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               5417                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    5417                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           10232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          10232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105222431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7464988430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7570210861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15167210                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15167210                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105222431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7480155640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7585378071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105222431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7480155640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7585378071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.232891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.231839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.231839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2505295.976190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 733876.172827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741160.256609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 842622.777778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842622.777778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2505295.976190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 734068.266928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741338.748143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2505295.976190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 734068.266928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741338.748143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        20893                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.836408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         182877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        22941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         7.971623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.782668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.501930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1677.221472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         339.330338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.818956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.165689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 41482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                7631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  41564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41563                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 41564                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               20892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                20893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20858                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               20893                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61510330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16917732028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16979242358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       788217                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       788217                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61510330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16918520245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    16980030575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61510330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16918520245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   16980030575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             62374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            7631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              62457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             62457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.334579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.012048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.334150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.334150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1757438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 811129.694012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 812715.027666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       788217                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       788217                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1757438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 811128.595503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 812713.855119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1757438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 811128.595503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 812713.855119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               2832                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    2832                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           20893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          20893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     58435915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15085888232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15144324147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       700417                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       700417                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     58435915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15086588649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15145024564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     58435915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15086588649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15145024564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.334579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.334150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.334150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1669597.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 723300.965239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724886.279294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       700417                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       700417                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1669597.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 723299.868108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724885.108122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1669597.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 723299.868108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724885.108122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        20927                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.839633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         182990                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        22975                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         7.964744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.783082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.762958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1676.408247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         339.885346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.818559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.165960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        41585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 41586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7640                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                7640                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        41667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  41668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        41667                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 41668                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               20926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                20927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20891                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               20927                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67129952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16681425339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16748555291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       673277                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       673277                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67129952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16682098616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    16749228568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67129952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16682098616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   16749228568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        62475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             62512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7640                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            7640                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        62558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              62595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        62558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             62595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.334374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.012048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1864720.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 798536.397271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 800370.605515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       673277                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       673277                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1864720.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 798530.401417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 800364.532327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1864720.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 798530.401417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 800364.532327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               2838                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    2838                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           20927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          20927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63969152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14847016228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14910985380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       585477                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       585477                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63969152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14847601705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14911570857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63969152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14847601705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14911570857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.334374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1776920.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 710723.610723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712557.840963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       585477                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       585477                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1776920.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 710717.615480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712551.768385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1776920.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 710717.615480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712551.768385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        10239                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.138955                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         233768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        12287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        19.025637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.638183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     4.944451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1417.526983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         584.029338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.692152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.285171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 33523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10444                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               10444                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  33781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33778                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 33781                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               10218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                10236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10194                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               10236                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110835289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8284109492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8394944781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     18260446                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     18260446                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110835289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8302369938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     8413205227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110835289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8302369938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    8413205227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        43696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             43741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10444                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           10444                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        43972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              44017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        43972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             44017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2638935.452381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 814083.086871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 821583.948033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1014469.222222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1014469.222222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2638935.452381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 814436.917599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 821923.136674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2638935.452381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 814436.917599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 821923.136674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               5421                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    5421                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           10236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          10236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    107146698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7390429808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7497576506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     16680046                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16680046                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    107146698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7407109854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7514256552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    107146698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7407109854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7514256552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2551111.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 726260.790881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733761.646702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 926669.222222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 926669.222222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2551111.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 726614.660977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734100.874560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2551111.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 726614.660977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734100.874560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        20854                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.829018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         182793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        22902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         7.981530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.776790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.612872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1677.445431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         338.993925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.819065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.165524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        41407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 41408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7621                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                7621                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        41490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  41491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        41490                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 41491                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               20853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                20854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20819                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               20854                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     59040836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17023886492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17082927328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       798604                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       798604                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     59040836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17024685096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    17083725932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     59040836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17024685096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   17083725932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        62225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             62261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7621                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            7621                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        62309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              62345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        62309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             62345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.334560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011905                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.011905                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.334125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.334125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1686881.028571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 817748.414449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819207.180166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       798604                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       798604                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1686881.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 817747.494884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819206.192193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1686881.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 817747.494884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819206.192193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               2831                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    2831                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           20854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          20854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     55967351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15195423580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15251390931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       710804                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       710804                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     55967351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15196134384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15252101735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     55967351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15196134384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15252101735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.334560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.334125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.334125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1599067.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 729917.551158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731376.345418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       710804                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       710804                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1599067.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 729916.633076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731375.358924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1599067.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 729916.633076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731375.358924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        34786                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.618372                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         185190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        36834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         5.027692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.163954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.500799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1675.479749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         356.473870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.818105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.174060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        43909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 43910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9066                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                9066                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        44025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  44026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        44025                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 44026                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               34749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                34779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34740                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               34779                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64580814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  31971177845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32035758659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     24744982                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24744982                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64580814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  31995922827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    32060503641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64580814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  31995922827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   32060503641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        78619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             78659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9066                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            9066                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        78765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              78805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        78765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             78805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.441496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.441059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.441059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1655918.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 921094.147076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921918.865550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 824832.733333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 824832.733333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1655918.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 921011.019775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 921835.120072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1655918.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 921011.019775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 921835.120072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           34779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          34779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     61156614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  28923229375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28984385989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22110132                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22110132                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     61156614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  28945339507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29006496121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     61156614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  28945339507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29006496121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.441496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.441059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.441059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1568118.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 833282.321377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834107.053124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 737004.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737004.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1568118.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 833199.179822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834023.293395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1568118.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 833199.179822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834023.293395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        40617                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.929867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         224848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        42665                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         5.270081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.715799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     1.515297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1844.666161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         198.032611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.900716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.096696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        48765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 48766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14948                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               14948                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        48800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  48801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        48800                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 48801                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               40566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                40617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40579                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               40617                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73419625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  38953514795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   39026934420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     89008124                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     89008124                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73419625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39042522919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    39115942544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73419625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39042522919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   39115942544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        89293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             89332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14948                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           14948                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              86                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        89379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              89418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        89379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             89418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.453877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.454104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.593023                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.593023                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.454010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.454010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1932095.394737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 961150.680887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962060.208549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1745257.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1745257.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1932095.394737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 962136.152172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 963043.615826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1932095.394737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 962136.152172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 963043.615826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               6325                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    6325                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           40617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          40617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     70083177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35394150767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35464233944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     84529726                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84529726                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     70083177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35478680493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35548763670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     70083177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35478680493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35548763670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.453877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.593023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.593023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.454010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.454010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1844294.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 873325.867721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874235.417443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1657445.607843                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1657445.607843                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1844294.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 874311.355455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875218.841126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1844294.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 874311.355455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875218.841126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        10234                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.140628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         233716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        12282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        19.029148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.457427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     5.101063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1417.106937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         584.475201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.691947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.285388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        33478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 33481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10433                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               10433                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        33736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  33739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        33736                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 33739                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               10214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                10232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10189                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               10232                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    113767240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8386487640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8500254880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     18362487                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     18362487                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    113767240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8404850127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     8518617367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    113767240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8404850127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    8518617367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        43649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             43695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10433                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           10433                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        43925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              43971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        43925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             43971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.231964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.231964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2645749.767442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824548.976502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 832216.064226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1020138.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1020138.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2645749.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824894.506527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 832546.654320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2645749.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824894.506527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 832546.654320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5417                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5417                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           10232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          10232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    109991840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7493160910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7603152750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     16781452                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16781452                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    109991840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7509942362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7619934202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    109991840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7509942362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7619934202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.231964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.231964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2557949.767442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 736718.209616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744385.426865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 932302.888889                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 932302.888889                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2557949.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 737063.731671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744716.008796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2557949.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 737063.731671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744716.008796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        20917                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.830799                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         182903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        22965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         7.964424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.775572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.615431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1679.191030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         337.248767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.819917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.164672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        41503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 41504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7635                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                7635                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        41586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  41587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        41586                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 41587                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               20916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                20917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20882                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               20917                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64529831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16753598526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16818128357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       699169                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       699169                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64529831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16754297695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    16818827526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64529831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16754297695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   16818827526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        62384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             62420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7635                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            7635                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        62468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              62504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        62468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             62504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.334717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011905                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.011905                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.334283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.334283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1843709.457143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 802336.982233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 804079.573389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       699169                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       699169                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1843709.457143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 802332.041711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 804074.557824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1843709.457143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 802332.041711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 804074.557824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               2837                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    2837                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           20917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          20917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61456106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14919767673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14981223779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       611369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       611369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61456106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14920379042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14981835148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61456106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14920379042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14981835148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.334717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.334283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.334283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1755888.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 714514.040180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716256.635064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       611369                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       611369                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1755888.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 714509.100757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716251.620596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1755888.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 714509.100757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716251.620596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        20893                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.830690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         182878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        22941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         7.971666                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.774382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.873694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1678.743952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         337.438662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.819699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.164765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 41479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7635                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                7635                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  41563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41562                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 41563                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               20892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                20893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20855                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               20893                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72321209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16748185516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16820506725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       683156                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       683156                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72321209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16748868672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    16821189881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72321209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16748868672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   16821189881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             62371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7635                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            7635                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              62456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             62456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011765                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.011765                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1903189.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 803116.213484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 805117.113010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       683156                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       683156                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1903189.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 803110.461376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 805111.275595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1903189.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 803110.461376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 805111.275595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               2838                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    2838                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           20893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          20893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68984553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14916620520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14985605073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       595100                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       595100                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68984553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14917215620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14986200173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68984553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14917215620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14986200173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1815382.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 715288.219047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717289.157237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       595100                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       595100                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1815382.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 715282.456006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717283.308907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1815382.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 715282.456006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717283.308907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        40652                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.932195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         225003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        42700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         5.269391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.643304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     1.560880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1845.824223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         196.903787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.901281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.096144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        48832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 48833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks          15034                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total               15034                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        48867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  48868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        48867                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 48868                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        40565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               40603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                49                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        40614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                40652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        40614                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               40652                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75437528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  38445035631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38520473159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     76068363                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     76068363                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75437528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  38521103994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    38596541522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75437528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  38521103994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   38596541522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        89397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             89436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        15034                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total           15034                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        89481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              89520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        89481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             89520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.453762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.453884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.453884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1985198.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 947739.076322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 948710.025343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1552415.571429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1552415.571429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1985198.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 948468.606737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 949437.703483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1985198.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 948468.606737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 949437.703483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               6336                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    6336                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        40565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        40614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           40652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        40614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          40652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72101128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34882943289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34955044417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     71765424                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71765424                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72101128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34954708713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35026809841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72101128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34954708713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35026809841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.453762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.453884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.453884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1897398.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 859927.111771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860898.071990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1464600.489796                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1464600.489796                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1897398.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 860656.638425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861625.746359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1897398.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 860656.638425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861625.746359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              559.910595                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1013971867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1801015.749556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.736197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   525.174398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.055667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.841626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13939598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13939598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13939598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       13939598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13939598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      13939598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     73548554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73548554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     73548554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73548554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     73548554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73548554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13939647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13939647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13939647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     13939647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13939647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     13939647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1500990.897959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1500990.897959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1500990.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1500990.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1500990.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1500990.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57219576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57219576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57219576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57219576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57219576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57219576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1589432.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1589432.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1589432.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1589432.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1589432.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1589432.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                62423                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              243201589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                62679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3880.112781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   199.389784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    56.610216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.778866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.221134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     20492146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20492146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      3946859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24439005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       24439005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24439005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      24439005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       219512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219512                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       219512                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97167205071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97167205071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     38235057                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38235057                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97205440128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97205440128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97205440128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97205440128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     20711294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20711294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24658517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24658517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24658517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24658517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 443386.227896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443386.227896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105041.365385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105041.365385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 442825.176428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442825.176428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 442825.176428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442825.176428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7636                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7636                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       157089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       157089                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157089                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19706179323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19706179323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6224469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6224469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19712403792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19712403792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19712403792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19712403792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316113.176711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316113.176711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 74100.821429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74100.821429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 315787.510885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315787.510885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 315787.510885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315787.510885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              578.379827                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1120552040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1922044.665523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.056242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   540.323585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.060988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.865903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13024722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13024722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13024722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       13024722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13024722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      13024722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     95453810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95453810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     95453810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95453810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     95453810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95453810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13024776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13024776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13024776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     13024776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13024776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     13024776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1767663.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1767663.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1767663.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1767663.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1767663.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1767663.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74994673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74994673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74994673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74994673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74994673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74994673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1874866.825000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1874866.825000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1874866.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1874866.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1874866.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1874866.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                89361                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              487956837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                89617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              5444.913766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.912517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.087483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.562842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     34072821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34072821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     18660380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18660380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9126                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9126                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9104                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9104                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     52733201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       52733201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     52733201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      52733201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       326029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       326029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          357                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          357                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       326386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       326386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       326386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       326386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 159813322535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 159813322535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    295075015                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    295075015                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 160108397550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 160108397550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 160108397550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 160108397550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     34398850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34398850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18660737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18660737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         9126                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9126                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         9104                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9104                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     53059587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53059587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     53059587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53059587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 490181.310666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490181.310666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 826540.658263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826540.658263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 490549.219482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490549.219482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 490549.219482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490549.219482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       251665                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       251665                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14985                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           14985                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       236752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       236752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       237025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       237025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       237025                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       237025                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        89277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        89361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        89361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  42450736212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42450736212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     82213012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82213012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  42532949224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42532949224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  42532949224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42532949224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 475494.653853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475494.653853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 978726.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978726.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 475967.695348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475967.695348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 475967.695348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475967.695348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              495.566967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1090988229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2190739.415663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    40.566967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.065011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     14864215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14864215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     14864215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       14864215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     14864215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      14864215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    159791208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159791208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    159791208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    159791208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    159791208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    159791208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     14864269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14864269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     14864269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     14864269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     14864269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     14864269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2959096.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2959096.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2959096.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2959096.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2959096.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2959096.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3389094                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 847273.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106249083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106249083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106249083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106249083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106249083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106249083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2470908.906977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2470908.906977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2470908.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2470908.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2470908.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2470908.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                44021                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              179075482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                44277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4044.435757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.551544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.448456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     11867412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11867412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8812395                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8812395                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        22956                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22956                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        21402                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21402                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20679807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       20679807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20679807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      20679807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       113165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       113165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       115913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       115913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       115913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       115913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25191672878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25191672878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    326255494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    326255494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25517928372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25517928372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25517928372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25517928372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     11980577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11980577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8815143                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8815143                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        22956                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22956                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        21402                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21402                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20795720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20795720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20795720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20795720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000312                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 222610.108055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222610.108055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 118724.706696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118724.706696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 220147.251577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220147.251577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 220147.251577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220147.251577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1545197                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 515065.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           10453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        69419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        71892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        71892                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71892                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        43746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        44021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        44021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        44021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10479856156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10479856156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37039113                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37039113                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10516895269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10516895269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10516895269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10516895269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 239561.472043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239561.472043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 134687.683636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134687.683636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 238906.323550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238906.323550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 238906.323550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238906.323550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              495.566339                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1090974214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2190711.273092                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    40.566339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.065010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     14850200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14850200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     14850200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       14850200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     14850200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      14850200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    163291410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    163291410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    163291410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    163291410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    163291410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    163291410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     14850256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14850256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     14850256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     14850256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     14850256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     14850256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2915918.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2915918.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2915918.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2915918.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2915918.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2915918.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3369314                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 842328.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    107440752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107440752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    107440752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107440752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    107440752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107440752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2498622.139535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2498622.139535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2498622.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2498622.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2498622.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2498622.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                43982                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              179063094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                44238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4047.721280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.549424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.450576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.912302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.087698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     11861814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11861814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8805614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8805614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        22963                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22963                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        21386                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21386                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     20667428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       20667428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     20667428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      20667428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       113124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       113124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       115892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       115892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       115892                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       115892                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25503173426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25503173426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    341998907                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    341998907                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25845172333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25845172333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25845172333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25845172333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     11974938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11974938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8808382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8808382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        22963                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22963                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        21386                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21386                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     20783320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20783320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     20783320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20783320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 225444.409904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225444.409904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123554.518425                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123554.518425                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 223010.840550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223010.840550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 223010.840550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223010.840550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1528313                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 382078.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10456                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           10456                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        69418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        71910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        71910                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71910                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        43706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        43982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        43982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10604918570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10604918570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     38496403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38496403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10643414973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10643414973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10643414973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10643414973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 242642.167437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242642.167437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 139479.721014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 139479.721014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 241994.792711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241994.792711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 241994.792711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241994.792711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              496.334712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1090988424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2181976.848000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    41.334712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.066242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     14864410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14864410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     14864410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       14864410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     14864410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      14864410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    169502037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    169502037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    169502037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    169502037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    169502037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    169502037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     14864467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14864467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     14864467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     14864467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     14864467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     14864467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2973719.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2973719.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2973719.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2973719.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2973719.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2973719.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4049645                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       809929                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    112519165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112519165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    112519165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112519165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    112519165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112519165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2500425.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2500425.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2500425.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2500425.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2500425.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2500425.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                43997                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              179075371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                44253                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4046.626692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.549310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.450690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.912302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.087698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     11868463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11868463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8811179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8811179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        23014                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        23014                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        21398                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21398                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     20679642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       20679642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     20679642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      20679642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       113196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       113196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       115964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       115964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       115964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       115964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25230713881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25230713881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    288186078                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    288186078                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25518899959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25518899959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25518899959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25518899959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     11981659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11981659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8813947                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8813947                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        23014                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        23014                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        21398                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21398                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     20795606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20795606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     20795606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20795606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 222894.041141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222894.041141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104113.467486                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104113.467486                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 220058.811002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220058.811002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 220058.811002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220058.811002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       664592                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 110765.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10449                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           10449                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        69475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        71967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        71967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10483663363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10483663363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     33027358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33027358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10516690721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10516690721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10516690721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10516690721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 239785.534709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239785.534709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119664.340580                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119664.340580                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 239031.995841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239031.995841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 239031.995841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239031.995841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              495.924050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1090972881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2181945.762000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    40.924050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.065583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     14848867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14848867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     14848867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       14848867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     14848867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      14848867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    165575149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165575149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    165575149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165575149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    165575149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165575149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     14848925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14848925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     14848925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     14848925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     14848925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     14848925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2854743.948276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2854743.948276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2854743.948276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2854743.948276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2854743.948276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2854743.948276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4027158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1006789.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    109469407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109469407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    109469407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109469407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    109469407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109469407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2432653.488889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2432653.488889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2432653.488889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2432653.488889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2432653.488889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2432653.488889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                43953                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              179061061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                44209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4050.330498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.553364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.446636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.912318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.087682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     11860521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11860521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8804884                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8804884                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        22955                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22955                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        21384                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21384                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     20665405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       20665405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     20665405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      20665405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       113060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       113060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       115829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       115829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       115829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       115829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25525815356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25525815356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    312076690                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    312076690                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25837892046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25837892046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25837892046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25837892046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     11973581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11973581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8807653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8807653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        22955                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22955                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        21384                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21384                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     20781234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20781234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     20781234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20781234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 225772.292199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225772.292199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112703.752257                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112703.752257                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 223069.283565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223069.283565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 223069.283565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223069.283565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       646415                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 161603.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           10434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        69383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        71876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        71876                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71876                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        43677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        43953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        43953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10622140540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10622140540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     35762510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35762510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10657903050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10657903050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10657903050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10657903050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 243197.576299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243197.576299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 129574.311594                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129574.311594                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 242484.086410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242484.086410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 242484.086410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242484.086410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              559.555549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1013960469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1800995.504440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    34.414600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.140949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.055152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13928200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13928200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13928200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13928200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13928200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13928200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     85152904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85152904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     85152904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85152904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     85152904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85152904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13928250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13928250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13928250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13928250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13928250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13928250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1703058.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1703058.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1703058.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1703058.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1703058.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1703058.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61868734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61868734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61868734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61868734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61868734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61868734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1718575.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1718575.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1718575.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1718575.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1718575.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1718575.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                62421                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              243181569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                62677                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              3879.917179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   200.077562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    55.922438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.781553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.218447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     20476403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20476403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3942595                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3942595                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9310                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9310                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9249                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9249                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     24418998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       24418998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     24418998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      24418998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       218653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       218653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          357                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          357                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       219010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       219010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       219010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       219010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  97539824782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97539824782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     37043401                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37043401                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  97576868183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97576868183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  97576868183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97576868183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     20695056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20695056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3942952                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3942952                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9310                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9310                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9249                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9249                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     24638008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24638008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     24638008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24638008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 446094.152753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446094.152753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103763.028011                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103763.028011                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 445536.131606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445536.131606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 445536.131606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445536.131606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       156315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       156589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       156589                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156589                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19810428726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19810428726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6113611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6113611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19816542337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19816542337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19816542337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19816542337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 317790.572781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317790.572781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 73657.963855                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73657.963855                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 317465.954358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317465.954358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 317465.954358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317465.954358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              560.863263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1013987408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1797850.014184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.758178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.105084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.057305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.841515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13955139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13955139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13955139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13955139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13955139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13955139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82066096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82066096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82066096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82066096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82066096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82066096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13955187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13955187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13955187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13955187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13955187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13955187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1709710.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1709710.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1709710.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1709710.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1709710.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1709710.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67508275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67508275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67508275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67508275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67508275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67508275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1824547.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1824547.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1824547.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1824547.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1824547.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1824547.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                62558                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              243225902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                62814                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3872.160697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   200.656120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    55.343880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.783813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.216187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     20513018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20513018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3950280                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3950280                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9325                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9325                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9267                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9267                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     24463298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       24463298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     24463298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      24463298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       219136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          362                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          362                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       219498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       219498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       219498                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       219498                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  96296531728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  96296531728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     36418450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36418450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  96332950178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  96332950178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  96332950178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  96332950178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     20732154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20732154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3950642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3950642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9325                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9325                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9267                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9267                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     24682796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24682796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     24682796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24682796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 439437.297970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439437.297970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100603.453039                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100603.453039                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 438878.487175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438878.487175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 438878.487175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438878.487175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            7640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       156661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       156940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       156940                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156940                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        62475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        62558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        62558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  19580947053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19580947053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6006593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6006593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  19586953646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19586953646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  19586953646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19586953646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 313420.521056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313420.521056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 72368.590361                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72368.590361                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 313100.700886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313100.700886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 313100.700886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313100.700886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              496.334955                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1090982246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2181964.492000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    41.334955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.066242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14858232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14858232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14858232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       14858232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14858232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      14858232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    169513562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    169513562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    169513562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    169513562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    169513562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    169513562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14858290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14858290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14858290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     14858290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14858290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     14858290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2922647.620690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2922647.620690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2922647.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2922647.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2922647.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2922647.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3433804                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       858451                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111394705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111394705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111394705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111394705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111394705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111394705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2475437.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2475437.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2475437.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2475437.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2475437.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2475437.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                43972                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              179067828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                44228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4048.743511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.552414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.447586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     11864225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11864225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8807898                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8807898                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        22997                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22997                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        21391                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21391                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     20672123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       20672123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     20672123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      20672123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       113148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       113148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       115916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       115916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       115916                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       115916                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25385558981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25385558981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    328689978                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    328689978                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25714248959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25714248959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25714248959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25714248959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     11977373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11977373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8810666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8810666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        22997                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22997                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        21391                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21391                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     20788039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20788039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     20788039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20788039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 224357.116175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224357.116175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118746.379335                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118746.379335                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 221835.199274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221835.199274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 221835.199274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221835.199274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       615461                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 153865.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10444                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           10444                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        69452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        71944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        71944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        43696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        43972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        43972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10548883586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10548883586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     37294152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37294152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10586177738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10586177738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10586177738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10586177738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 241415.314583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241415.314583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 135123.739130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135123.739130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 240748.151960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240748.151960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 240748.151960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240748.151960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              559.907978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1013945431                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1800968.793961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    34.802355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.105623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.055773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13913162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13913162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13913162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13913162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13913162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13913162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73767931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73767931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73767931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73767931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73767931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73767931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13913211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13913211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13913211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13913211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13913211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13913211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1505467.979592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1505467.979592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1505467.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1505467.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1505467.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1505467.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     59424638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59424638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     59424638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59424638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     59424638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59424638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1650684.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1650684.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1650684.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1650684.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1650684.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1650684.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                62309                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              243152918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                62565                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              3886.404827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   200.521237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    55.478763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.783286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.216714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     20453726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20453726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3936639                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3936639                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9307                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9307                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9234                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9234                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     24390365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       24390365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     24390365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      24390365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       218514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       218514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       218878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       218878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       218878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       218878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  98430822406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  98430822406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38019436                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38019436                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  98468841842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  98468841842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  98468841842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  98468841842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     20672240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20672240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3937003                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3937003                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9307                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9307                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9234                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9234                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     24609243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24609243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     24609243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24609243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 450455.450937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 450455.450937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       104449                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       104449                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 449880.032904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449880.032904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 449880.032904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449880.032904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7621                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            7621                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       156289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       156569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       156569                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156569                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        62225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        62309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        62309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19910389734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19910389734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6210932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6210932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19916600666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19916600666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19916600666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19916600666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 319974.121880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319974.121880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 73939.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73939.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 319642.437946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319642.437946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 319642.437946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319642.437946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              528.732059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1092512837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2061344.975472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    38.732059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.062071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13326360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13326360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13326360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       13326360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13326360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      13326360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    104456283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104456283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    104456283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104456283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    104456283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104456283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13326418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13326418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13326418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     13326418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13326418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     13326418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1800970.396552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1800970.396552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1800970.396552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1800970.396552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1800970.396552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1800970.396552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64987497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64987497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64987497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64987497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64987497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64987497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1624687.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1624687.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1624687.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1624687.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1624687.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1624687.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                78765                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              194042800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                79021                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              2455.585224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   234.336754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    21.663246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.915378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.084622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      9232963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9232963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7650204                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7650204                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        22119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17848                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17848                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16883167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       16883167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16883167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      16883167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       205736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1003                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1003                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       206739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       206739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       206739                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       206739                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  89614795264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  89614795264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    335474193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    335474193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  89950269457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  89950269457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  89950269457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  89950269457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      9438699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9438699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7651207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7651207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        22119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17848                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17848                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17089906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17089906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17089906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17089906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 435581.498931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435581.498931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 334470.780658                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334470.780658                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 435090.957473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435090.957473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 435090.957473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435090.957473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       170135                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       170135                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            9066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       127117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       127974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       127974                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127974                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        78619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        78765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        78765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35142974433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35142974433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     32482348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32482348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35175456781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35175456781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35175456781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35175456781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 447003.579707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447003.579707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 222481.835616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222481.835616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446587.402793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446587.402793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446587.402793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446587.402793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              578.448030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1120541325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1925328.737113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    37.421640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.026389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.059971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13014007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13014007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13014007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13014007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13014007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13014007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     94768574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94768574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     94768574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94768574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     94768574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94768574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13014064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13014064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13014064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     13014064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13014064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     13014064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1662606.561404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1662606.561404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1662606.561404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1662606.561404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1662606.561404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1662606.561404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73800680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73800680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73800680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73800680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73800680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73800680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1892325.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1892325.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1892325.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1892325.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1892325.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1892325.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                89379                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              487966944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                89635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5443.933106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.913622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.086378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     34081397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34081397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     18661918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18661918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9104                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9104                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     52743315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       52743315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     52743315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      52743315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       327176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       327176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          358                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          358                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       327534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       327534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       327534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       327534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160782386936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 160782386936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    331487384                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    331487384                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 161113874320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 161113874320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 161113874320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 161113874320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     34408573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34408573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18662276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18662276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         9119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         9104                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9104                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     53070849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53070849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     53070849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53070849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 491424.758955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491424.758955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 925942.413408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 925942.413408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 491899.693833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491899.693833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 491899.693833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491899.693833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           14948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       237883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       237883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       238155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       238155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       238155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       238155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        89293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        89379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        89379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  42621281676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42621281676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     91815849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91815849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  42713097525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42713097525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  42713097525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42713097525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 477319.405508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477319.405508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1067626.151163                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1067626.151163                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 477887.395529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477887.395529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 477887.395529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477887.395529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              496.715285                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1090971390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2177587.604790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    41.715285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.066851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.796018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     14847376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14847376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     14847376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       14847376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     14847376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      14847376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    173191793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    173191793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    173191793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    173191793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    173191793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    173191793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     14847436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14847436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     14847436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     14847436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     14847436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     14847436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2886529.883333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2886529.883333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2886529.883333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2886529.883333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2886529.883333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2886529.883333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3385146                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 846286.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    114336107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114336107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    114336107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    114336107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    114336107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    114336107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2485567.543478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2485567.543478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2485567.543478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2485567.543478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2485567.543478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2485567.543478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                43925                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              179055086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                44181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4052.762183                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.553299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.446701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.912318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.087682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     11857521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11857521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8801950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8801950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        22922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        21376                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21376                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     20659471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       20659471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     20659471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      20659471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       112959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       112959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       115728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       115728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       115728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       115728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25593289268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25593289268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    335940391                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    335940391                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25929229659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25929229659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25929229659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25929229659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     11970480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11970480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8804719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8804719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        22922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        21376                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21376                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     20775199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20775199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     20775199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20775199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 226571.492913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226571.492913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121321.918021                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121321.918021                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 224053.208031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224053.208031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 224053.208031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224053.208031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1591659                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 265276.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10433                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           10433                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        69310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        71803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        71803                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71803                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        43649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        43925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        43925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10648556037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10648556037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     37404103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37404103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10685960140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10685960140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10685960140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10685960140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 243958.762790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243958.762790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 135522.112319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135522.112319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 243277.407854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243277.407854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 243277.407854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243277.407854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              560.826752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1013979000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1801028.419183                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    34.809764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   526.016988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.055785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13946731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13946731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13946731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       13946731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13946731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      13946731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77550624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77550624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77550624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77550624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77550624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77550624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13946778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13946778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13946778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     13946778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13946778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     13946778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1650013.276596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1650013.276596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1650013.276596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1650013.276596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1650013.276596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1650013.276596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64908790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64908790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64908790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64908790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64908790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64908790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1803021.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1803021.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1803021.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1803021.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1803021.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1803021.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                62468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              243206819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                62724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3877.412458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   200.087059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    55.912941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.781590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.218410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     20496511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20496511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3947712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3947712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9323                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9323                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9261                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9261                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     24444223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       24444223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     24444223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      24444223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       219117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       219481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       219481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       219481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       219481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  96949353063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  96949353063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     36881147                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36881147                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  96986234210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  96986234210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  96986234210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  96986234210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     20715628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20715628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3948076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3948076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9323                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9323                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9261                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9261                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     24663704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24663704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     24663704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24663704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 442454.729952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442454.729952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101321.832418                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101321.832418                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 441888.975401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441888.975401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 441888.975401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441888.975401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7635                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            7635                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       156733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       157013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       157013                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157013                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        62384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        62468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        62468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  19647628812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19647628812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6062479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6062479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  19653691291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19653691291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  19653691291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19653691291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 314946.601885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314946.601885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 72172.369048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72172.369048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 314620.146171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314620.146171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 314620.146171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314620.146171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              561.653238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1013977992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1791480.551237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    37.424481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   524.228757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.059975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.840110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.900085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13945723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13945723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13945723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       13945723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13945723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      13945723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     82258808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82258808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     82258808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82258808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     82258808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82258808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13945772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13945772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13945772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     13945772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13945772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     13945772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1678751.183673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1678751.183673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1678751.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1678751.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1678751.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1678751.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72709698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72709698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72709698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72709698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72709698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72709698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1864351.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1864351.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1864351.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1864351.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1864351.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1864351.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                62417                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              243210059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                62673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3880.619390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   200.527460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    55.472540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.783310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.216690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     20499776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20499776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3947700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3947700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9312                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9312                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     24447476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       24447476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     24447476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      24447476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       219089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          372                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          372                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       219461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       219461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       219461                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       219461                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  96972043706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  96972043706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     37571176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37571176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  97009614882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97009614882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  97009614882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97009614882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     20718865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20718865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3948072                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3948072                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9312                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9312                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     24666937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24666937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     24666937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24666937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 442614.844680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442614.844680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100997.784946                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100997.784946                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 442035.782586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442035.782586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 442035.782586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442035.782586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7635                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            7635                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       156757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       157044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       157044                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157044                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19640350609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19640350609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6142478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6142478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19646493087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19646493087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19646493087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19646493087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 315092.578595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315092.578595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 72264.447059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72264.447059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 314761.893186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314761.893186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 314761.893186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314761.893186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              578.204520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1120568040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1925374.639175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.178362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.026159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.059581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13040722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13040722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13040722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13040722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13040722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13040722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101710846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101710846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101710846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101710846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101710846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101710846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13040776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13040776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13040776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13040776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13040776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13040776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1883534.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1883534.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1883534.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1883534.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1883534.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1883534.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75837128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75837128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75837128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75837128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75837128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75837128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1944541.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1944541.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1944541.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1944541.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1944541.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1944541.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                89481                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              488044403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                89737                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              5438.608411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.913586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.086414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.437162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.562838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     34135152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34135152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     18685593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18685593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9136                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9136                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9116                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9116                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     52820745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       52820745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     52820745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      52820745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       326787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       326787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       327143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       327143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       327143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       327143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 159202885308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 159202885308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    285982714                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    285982714                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 159488868022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 159488868022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 159488868022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 159488868022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     34461939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34461939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     18685949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18685949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         9136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         9116                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9116                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     53147888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53147888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     53147888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53147888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 487176.311506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 487176.311506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 803322.230337                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 803322.230337                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 487520.344382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 487520.344382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 487520.344382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 487520.344382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       235160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       235160                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15034                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           15034                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       237390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       237390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       237662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       237662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       237662                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       237662                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        89397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        89481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        89481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  42117821602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42117821602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     78883234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78883234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  42196704836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42196704836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  42196704836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42196704836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 471132.382541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 471132.382541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 939086.119048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 939086.119048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 471571.672601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 471571.672601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 471571.672601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 471571.672601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
