
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001326                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1326407778                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               449221487418                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 397766                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   523753                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  40378                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67766472                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32849.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13066413227                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17205031537                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        54016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        54016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        80128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        80768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        28928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        53632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        28800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        54400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               706688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       227200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            227200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5521                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1775                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1775                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1447519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     22002284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     40723525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1351017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     40723525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     60409778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     60892285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1447519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     22002284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     21809281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     40434021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21712780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     41013028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               532783366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1447519                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1351017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1447519                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           37152979                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         171289707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              171289707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         171289707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1447519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     22002284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     40723525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1351017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     40723525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     60409778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     60892285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1447519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     22002284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     21809281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     40434021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21712780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     41013028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              704073073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         221760                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196461                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142029                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137772                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          629                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2302260                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1258770                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            221760                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       151432                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              278614                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         62860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        89367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          140689                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18626                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2713791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.773352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2435177     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          41221      1.52%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21642      0.80%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          40569      1.49%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13345      0.49%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          37468      1.38%     95.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6009      0.22%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          10527      0.39%     96.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         107833      3.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2713791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.069718                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.395736                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2269241                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       123203                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          277879                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        21902                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          424                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1414370                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2273268                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         87144                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        24130                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          274108                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        12009                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1411449                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         9717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1857023                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6405719                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6405719                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1478065                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         378931                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           25751                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       248887                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        42622                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          355                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         9398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402177                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302169                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1449                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269698                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       573581                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2713791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2144157     79.01%     79.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183490      6.76%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185261      6.83%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108501      4.00%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58674      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15422      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17515      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          410      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          361      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2713791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2362     57.72%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          962     23.51%     81.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024275     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10505      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225317     17.30%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41977      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302169                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.409380                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4092                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5323669                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1672103                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266870                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306261                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1077                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53589                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         72076                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1298                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402390                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248887                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42622                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          545                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11414                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8848                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        20262                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283523                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221572                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             263526                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         194417                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            41954                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.403518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1267430                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1266870                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          765785                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1693982                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.398282                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.452062                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272776                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        18872                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2670665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2248011     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167358      6.27%     90.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106403      3.98%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33304      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55105      2.06%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11222      0.42%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7277      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6474      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35511      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2670665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1129674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               236185                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              195298                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           173315                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts          988112                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        14525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        35511                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            4037591                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2848075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 52439                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                467044                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1129674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.180832                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.180832                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.314383                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.314383                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        5954761                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1657041                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1490041                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         230339                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       188748                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24396                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94543                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88064                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23128                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1076                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2203874                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1316062                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            230339                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       111192                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              287899                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         70047                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       215410                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          137414                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24110                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2752411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2464512     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          30814      1.12%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          35812      1.30%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          19408      0.71%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          22056      0.80%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          12894      0.47%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           8549      0.31%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          22385      0.81%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         135981      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2752411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.072415                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.413747                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2184813                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       235127                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          285325                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2288                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        44849                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        37337                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1604013                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2144                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        44849                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2188810                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         44222                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       180474                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          283663                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        10385                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1601657                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2227984                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7454034                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7454034                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1869400                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         358564                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          421                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          237                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           30113                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       153170                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        82781                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2048                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        17084                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1597425                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          421                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1499840                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2132                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       218223                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       508849                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           53                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2752411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.544919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2120912     77.06%     77.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       253665      9.22%     86.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136746      4.97%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94653      3.44%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82227      2.99%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42083      1.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10498      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6603      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5024      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2752411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           428     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1505     43.92%     56.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1494     43.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1255926     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23477      1.57%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138307      9.22%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81948      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1499840                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.471524                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3427                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002285                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5757648                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1816106                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1473235                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1503267                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3740                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29380                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2535                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           92                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           25                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        44849                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         38741                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1511                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1597849                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           92                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153170                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82781                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          237                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1064                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13391                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14252                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        27643                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1476378                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129853                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             211757                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         205824                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            81904                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.464148                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1473324                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1473235                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          876647                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2294418                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.463160                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382078                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1097857                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1346619                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251245                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        24392                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2707562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.497355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.312293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2156953     79.66%     79.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255606      9.44%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107349      3.96%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        63951      2.36%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44063      1.63%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28818      1.06%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15342      0.57%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11772      0.43%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23708      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2707562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1097857                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1346619                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               204031                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              123786                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           192525                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1214187                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        27382                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        23708                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4281718                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3240599                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 35988                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                428424                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1097857                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1346619                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1097857                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.897313                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.897313                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.345147                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.345147                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6658387                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2047624                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1497051                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         213423                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192041                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13229                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       101949                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74721                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11680                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          611                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2257024                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1339104                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            213423                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        86401                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              264256                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         42013                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       311365                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          131360                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13089                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2861106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.853525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2596850     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1           9308      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          19144      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3           8084      0.28%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          43175      1.51%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          38876      1.36%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           7560      0.26%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          15856      0.55%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         122253      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2861106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067097                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.420991                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2234902                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       333967                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          263074                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          917                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        28237                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        18991                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1569826                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        28237                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2238359                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        289982                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        33839                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          260824                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         9856                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1567590                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         4499                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         3572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          130                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1848970                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7377858                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7377858                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1600059                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         248907                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          196                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           25820                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       366422                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       184101                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1822                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         9073                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1562184                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          199                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1489939                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1201                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       143633                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       348995                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2861106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.520756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2324417     81.24%     81.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       164905      5.76%     87.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132460      4.63%     91.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57647      2.01%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71222      2.49%     96.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        67231      2.35%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38252      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3158      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1814      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2861106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3725     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28294     86.12%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          836      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       938876     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12971      0.87%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354770     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       183234     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1489939                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.468411                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32855                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022051                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5875040                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1706080                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1475183                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1522794                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2661                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18440                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2106                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        28237                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        282681                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2707                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1562391                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       366422                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       184101                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1645                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7027                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8068                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        15095                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1478095                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       353403                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11844                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             536591                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         193553                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           183188                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.464688                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1475296                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1475183                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          798293                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1580722                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.463772                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.505018                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1187303                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1395482                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       167011                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        13280                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2832869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2323565     82.02%     82.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       188128      6.64%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87789      3.10%     91.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85428      3.02%     94.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23539      0.83%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97839      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7523      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5461      0.19%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13597      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2832869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1187303                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1395482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               529977                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              347982                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           184391                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1240914                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        13568                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        13597                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4381752                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3153233                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 50103                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                319729                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1187303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1395482                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1187303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.679042                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.679042                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.373268                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.373268                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        7298023                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1718875                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1859383                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         230641                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       189007                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24427                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94652                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88277                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23126                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1076                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2206430                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1317846                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            230641                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       111403                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              288321                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         70053                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       215319                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          137603                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24148                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2755275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2466954     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          30834      1.12%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          35966      1.31%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          19419      0.70%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          22148      0.80%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          12944      0.47%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           8525      0.31%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          22342      0.81%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         136143      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2755275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.072510                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.414308                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2187425                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       234972                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          285741                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2302                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        44826                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        37379                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1605876                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2128                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        44826                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2191414                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         44340                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       180180                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          284094                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        10413                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1603564                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2416                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4974                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2230793                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7463077                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7463077                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1871870                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         358923                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          419                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          234                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           30027                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       153033                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        82864                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2048                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        17111                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1599458                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          418                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1501854                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2027                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       218259                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       508071                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2755275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545083                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2123008     77.05%     77.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       253922      9.22%     86.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136884      4.97%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94822      3.44%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82333      2.99%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42133      1.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10527      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6629      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5017      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2755275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           423     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1473     43.48%     55.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1492     44.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1257890     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23512      1.57%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          183      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138237      9.20%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82032      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1501854                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.472157                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3388                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002256                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5764398                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1818172                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1475370                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1505242                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3783                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29075                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2512                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           92                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           26                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        44826                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         38805                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1514                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1599879                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           96                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153033                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82864                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          234                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1065                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13403                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14297                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        27700                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1478354                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129835                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23500                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             211829                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         206142                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            81994                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.464769                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1475462                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1475370                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          878076                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2298174                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.463831                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382076                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1099305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1348399                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251511                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        24420                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2710449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.497482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.312454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2159150     79.66%     79.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255920      9.44%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107460      3.96%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64024      2.36%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44123      1.63%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28875      1.07%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15381      0.57%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11794      0.44%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23722      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2710449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1099305                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1348399                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               204310                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              123958                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           192795                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1215768                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        27412                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        23722                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4286637                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3244652                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 36063                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                425560                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1099305                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1348399                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1099305                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.893496                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.893496                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.345603                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.345603                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6667380                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       2050625                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1499023                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         211674                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190632                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12851                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83268                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73585                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11409                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          584                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2230338                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1328749                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            211674                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        84994                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              261808                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         41290                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       327746                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          129611                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12699                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2848008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.851114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2586200     90.81%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           9042      0.32%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          19134      0.67%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           7857      0.28%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          42709      1.50%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          38709      1.36%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           7161      0.25%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          15452      0.54%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         121744      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2848008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.066547                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.417736                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2206227                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       352356                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          260594                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          930                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        27892                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        18697                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1556665                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        27892                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2209902                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        315612                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        25927                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          258178                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        10488                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1554283                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         4838                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         3751                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          215                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1829760                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7315246                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7315246                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1582408                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         247340                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          190                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          101                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           27224                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       365164                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       183412                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1697                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8545                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1548828                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          194                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1475978                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1335                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       143696                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       351805                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2848008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.518249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.307609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2317125     81.36%     81.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       162514      5.71%     87.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131394      4.61%     91.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        56802      1.99%     93.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70225      2.47%     96.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        67025      2.35%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38023      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3093      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1807      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2848008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3666     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28268     86.28%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          829      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       927043     62.81%     62.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12777      0.87%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           87      0.01%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       353573     23.96%     87.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       182498     12.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1475978                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.464022                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32763                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022197                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5834062                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1692787                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1461189                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1508741                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2618                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18338                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           70                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2129                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          132                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        27892                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        307888                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2902                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1549029                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           44                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       365164                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183412                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          104                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1735                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           70                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6646                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8086                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        14732                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1464212                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       352267                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11766                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             534713                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         191554                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           182446                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.460323                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1461304                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1461189                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          790468                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1560497                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.459373                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506549                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1177068                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1382789                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       166422                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        12897                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2820116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.490331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2315735     82.11%     82.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186263      6.60%     88.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86420      3.06%     91.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85211      3.02%     94.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22890      0.81%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97374      3.45%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7407      0.26%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5347      0.19%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13469      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2820116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1177068                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1382789                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               528104                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              346823                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           182518                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1229499                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        13295                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        13469                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4355845                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3126333                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 49447                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                332827                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1177068                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1382789                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1177068                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.702338                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.702338                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.370050                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.370050                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        7235260                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1699131                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1847323                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         223248                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       197671                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19288                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142899                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         138451                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13832                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          636                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2315016                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1266884                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            223248                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       152283                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              280425                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         63032                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        79915                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          141463                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18732                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2718979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.525715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.777646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2438554     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          41243      1.52%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          21955      0.81%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          40707      1.50%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          13625      0.50%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          37581      1.38%     95.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           6090      0.22%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          10602      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         108622      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2718979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.070185                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.398287                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2281826                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       113911                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          279696                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          343                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        43197                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        22163                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          426                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1424526                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1763                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        43197                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2285840                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         76257                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        25713                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          275939                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        12027                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1421677                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         9781                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1871558                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6453956                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6453956                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1491834                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         379720                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          108                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           25798                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       249635                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        43184                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          364                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         9545                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1412377                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1312261                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1453                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       270026                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       574489                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2718979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2144748     78.88%     78.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       185076      6.81%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       186973      6.88%     92.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       109258      4.02%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58842      2.16%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15528      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17780      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          415      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          359      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2718979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2372     57.53%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          970     23.53%     81.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          781     18.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1032692     78.70%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10690      0.81%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           96      0.01%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       226236     17.24%     96.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42547      3.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1312261                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.412552                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4123                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5349077                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1682631                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1276935                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1316384                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1084                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53434                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1721                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        43197                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         61266                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1307                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1412588                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       249635                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        43184                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          549                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11524                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8873                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        20397                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1293590                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       222445                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18671                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             264967                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         195871                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            42522                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.406683                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1277488                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1276935                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          771688                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1710986                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.401446                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.451019                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1007990                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1139589                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       273074                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        18969                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2675782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.291047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2249201     84.06%     84.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168693      6.30%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107788      4.03%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33632      1.26%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55455      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11412      0.43%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7362      0.28%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6540      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35699      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2675782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1007990                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1139589                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               237664                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              196201                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           174760                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          997033                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        14735                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        35699                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4052733                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2868561                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 52643                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                461856                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1007990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1139589                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1007990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.155622                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.155622                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.316895                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.316895                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6000245                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1670981                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1499371                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         221757                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196428                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19206                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142227                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137821                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13684                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          624                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2301665                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1258730                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            221757                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       151505                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              278673                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         62811                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        86900                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          140685                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18654                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2710722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.774107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2432049     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          41184      1.52%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          21783      0.80%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          40553      1.50%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          13353      0.49%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          37491      1.38%     95.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           5976      0.22%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          10512      0.39%     96.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         107821      3.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2710722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.069717                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.395723                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2268692                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       120696                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          277927                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          342                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        43059                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        21936                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          425                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1414290                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1771                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        43059                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2272715                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         84705                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        24063                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          274164                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        12010                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1411413                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         9696                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1857138                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6405910                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6405910                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1478749                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         378375                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           25664                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       248714                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        42603                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          354                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         9391                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402087                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302347                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1489                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269139                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       572091                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2710722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098742                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2140846     78.98%     78.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183569      6.77%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185544      6.84%     92.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108412      4.00%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58637      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15512      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17426      0.64%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          418      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          358      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2710722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2364     57.77%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          961     23.48%     81.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          767     18.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024506     78.67%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10516      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225255     17.30%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41975      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302347                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.409436                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4092                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5320997                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1671454                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1267036                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306439                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1050                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53377                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1689                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        43059                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         69636                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1300                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402300                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          183                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248714                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42603                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          544                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11440                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8847                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        20287                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283519                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221389                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18828                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             263340                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         194422                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            41951                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.403516                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1267592                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1267036                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          766000                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1695628                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.398334                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.451750                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000398                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1130158                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272211                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        18888                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2667663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2244869     84.15%     84.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167280      6.27%     90.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106603      4.00%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33209      1.24%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55173      2.07%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11290      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7271      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6467      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35501      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2667663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1000398                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1130158                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               236251                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              195337                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           173382                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          988550                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        14536                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        35501                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            4034518                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2847835                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 52451                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                470113                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1000398                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1130158                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1000398                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.179570                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.179570                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.314508                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.314508                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5954962                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1657309                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1489980                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         174713                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       142422                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18589                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71020                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          65958                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17350                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          830                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1689114                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1032458                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            174713                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        83308                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              211465                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         58662                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       227481                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          105555                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18520                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2167738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.579053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        1956273     90.24%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          11217      0.52%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          17526      0.81%     91.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          26169      1.21%     92.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          11217      0.52%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          13367      0.62%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          13688      0.63%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9619      0.44%     94.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         108662      5.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2167738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.054927                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.324587                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1665752                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       251819                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          209747                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        39032                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        28299                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1251157                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1345                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        39032                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1670354                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         86908                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       149632                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          206662                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        15147                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1247962                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          747                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2843                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         7136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2081                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1705715                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      5816784                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      5816784                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1399822                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         305881                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          324                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          194                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           40209                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       127398                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        70065                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3602                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        14392                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1243481                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1157106                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2046                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194639                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       457924                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           64                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2167738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.533785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.220264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1672494     77.15%     77.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       201953      9.32%     86.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111375      5.14%     91.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        72931      3.36%     94.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65889      3.04%     98.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        20141      0.93%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14583      0.67%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5125      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3247      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2167738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           305     10.74%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1236     43.51%     54.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1300     45.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       952309     82.30%     82.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21191      1.83%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          128      0.01%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       115128      9.95%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68350      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1157106                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.363774                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2841                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002455                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4486834                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1438519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1135475                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1159947                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5461                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28007                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           75                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5009                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          895                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        39032                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         71389                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1878                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1243811                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          430                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       127398                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70065                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1079                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           75                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9880                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11641                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        21521                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1139992                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109051                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17111                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             177281                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         154846                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            68230                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.358394                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1135632                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1135475                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          671956                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1703952                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.356974                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.394351                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       839358                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1023422                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       221159                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        18878                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2128706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.480772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323252                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1713186     80.48%     80.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       198243      9.31%     89.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82222      3.86%     93.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42016      1.97%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31207      1.47%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17901      0.84%     97.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11050      0.52%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8994      0.42%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23887      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2128706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       839358                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1023422                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               164439                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads               99385                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           142289                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          925063                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        19944                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        23887                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3349387                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2528222                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 30532                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1013097                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            839358                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1023422                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       839358                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.789605                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.789605                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.263880                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.263880                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5174434                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1550693                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1185908                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         244830                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200295                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25620                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99668                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93982                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24859                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1177                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2349477                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1371431                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            244830                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       118841                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              284888                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         71131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       119177                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          145346                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25477                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2798759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942758                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2513871     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          13244      0.47%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          20610      0.74%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          27807      0.99%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          29266      1.05%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          24744      0.88%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          13245      0.47%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          20935      0.75%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         135037      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2798759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.076970                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.431154                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2325129                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       144047                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          284183                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          411                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        44983                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        40144                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1681316                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        44983                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2331934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         21046                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       107884                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          277815                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        15092                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1679632                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         6545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2344541                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7809842                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7809842                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1998449                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         346088                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           46857                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       158176                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        84283                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          923                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        22460                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1676145                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          407                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1580299                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          424                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205675                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       500293                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2798759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257933                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2128786     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       276999      9.90%     85.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       139685      4.99%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104318      3.73%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81781      2.92%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33391      1.19%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21230      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11035      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1534      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2798759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           331     11.92%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          999     35.99%     47.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1446     52.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1329479     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23523      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          196      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       143263      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83838      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1580299                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.496819                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2776                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5962557                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1882240                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1554490                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1583075                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3113                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28310                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        44983                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         17387                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1571                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1676559                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       158176                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84283                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1348                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14023                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14899                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        28922                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1556850                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134569                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23449                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             218389                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         220535                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            83820                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.489447                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1554566                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1554490                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          893289                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2406937                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.488705                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371131                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1164810                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1433305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       243269                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        25716                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2753776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520487                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363414                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2163485     78.56%     78.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       293709     10.67%     89.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109851      3.99%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52353      1.90%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45557      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25580      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21596      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10029      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31616      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2753776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1164810                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1433305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               212511                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              129866                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           206643                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1291413                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        29513                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        31616                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4398721                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3398141                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 37448                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                382076                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1164810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1433305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1164810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.730776                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.730776                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.366196                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.366196                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        7005784                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2167396                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1557555                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                3180385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         176524                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       143802                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18750                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71994                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67043                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17504                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          815                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1708812                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1043754                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            176524                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        84547                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              213956                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         58857                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       195515                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          106723                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18652                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2159439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        1945483     90.09%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          11224      0.52%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          17939      0.83%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          26784      1.24%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          11261      0.52%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          13377      0.62%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          13805      0.64%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9889      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         109677      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2159439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.055504                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.328185                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1687229                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       219559                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          212156                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1428                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39064                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        28674                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          353                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1264504                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1345                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39064                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1691879                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         81201                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       123828                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          209032                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        14432                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1261238                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         3004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         7258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          941                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1724476                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5879071                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5879071                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1418787                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         305688                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          320                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           41482                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       128433                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        70878                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3695                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        14286                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1257041                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1171596                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       193727                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       454645                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2159439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.228820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1658408     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       204213      9.46%     86.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112422      5.21%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        73809      3.42%     94.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66814      3.09%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        20473      0.95%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14898      0.69%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5113      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3289      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2159439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     10.64%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1251     43.38%     54.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1326     45.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       964099     82.29%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21528      1.84%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          129      0.01%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116527      9.95%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69313      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1171596                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.368382                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2884                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002462                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4507515                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1451165                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1149855                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1174480                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5614                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27681                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4952                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          919                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39064                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         62592                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1896                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1257367                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128433                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70878                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1052                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10032                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11558                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        21590                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1154432                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110399                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17164                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             179600                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         156879                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            69201                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.362985                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1149993                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1149855                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          680236                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1725145                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.361546                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.394307                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       850646                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1037322                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220737                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        19033                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2120375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.334923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1699920     80.17%     80.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       200471      9.45%     89.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83145      3.92%     93.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42282      1.99%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31759      1.50%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18105      0.85%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11081      0.52%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9228      0.44%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24384      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2120375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       850646                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1037322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               166678                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              100752                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           144271                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          937609                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        20229                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        24384                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3354037                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2555198                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 30895                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1020946                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            850646                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1037322                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       850646                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.738788                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.738788                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.267466                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.267466                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5239376                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1570087                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1199163                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         221821                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196514                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19199                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142059                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137802                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13667                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          630                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2302780                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1259093                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            221821                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       151469                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              278688                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         62890                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        92452                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          140727                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18637                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2717490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.772467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2438802     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          41228      1.52%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          21652      0.80%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          40579      1.49%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          13352      0.49%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          37473      1.38%     95.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           6012      0.22%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          10529      0.39%     96.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         107863      3.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2717490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.069737                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.395837                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2269710                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       126338                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          277954                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        43146                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        21910                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          424                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1414752                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        43146                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2273743                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         88703                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        25689                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          274175                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        12028                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1411823                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         9738                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1857547                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6407469                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6407469                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1478418                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         379129                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           25763                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       248925                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        42636                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          355                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         9404                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402529                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302496                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1450                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269803                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       573742                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2717490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2147693     79.03%     79.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183572      6.76%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185302      6.82%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108518      3.99%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58680      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15434      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17520      0.64%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          412      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          359      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2717490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2365     57.74%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          963     23.51%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024552     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10507      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225351     17.30%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41991      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302496                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.409482                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4096                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003145                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5328028                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1672560                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1267186                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1077                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53605                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        43146                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         73609                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1300                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402742                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248925                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42636                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          545                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11418                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8856                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        20274                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283838                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221604                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18658                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             263569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         194466                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            41965                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.403617                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1267744                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1267186                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          765959                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1694473                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.398382                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.452034                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000206                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129928                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272889                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        18882                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2674344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2251586     84.19%     84.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167405      6.26%     90.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106424      3.98%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33314      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55116      2.06%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11231      0.42%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7277      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6476      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35515      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2674344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1000206                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1129928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               236221                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              195320                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           173356                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          988337                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        14531                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        35515                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4041633                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2848814                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 52447                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                463345                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1000206                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1129928                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1000206                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.180180                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.180180                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.314448                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.314448                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5956183                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1657480                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1490399                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         230563                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       189019                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24382                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94723                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88001                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23106                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1071                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2206149                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1317452                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            230563                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       111107                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              288051                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         70400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       226867                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          137683                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24292                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2766468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2478417     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          30796      1.11%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          35802      1.29%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          19396      0.70%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          22036      0.80%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          12883      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           8736      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          22366      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         136036      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2766468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.072485                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.414184                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2186552                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       247119                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          285478                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2287                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        45023                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        37302                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1605245                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2136                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        45023                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2190544                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         46060                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       190438                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          283622                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        10773                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1602892                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2425                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         5142                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2228650                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7457553                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7457553                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1867439                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         361189                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          418                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          235                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           31245                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       153412                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        82669                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2045                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        17077                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1597495                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1499155                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2130                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       219720                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       512938                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           53                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2766468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2135417     77.19%     77.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       253347      9.16%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136641      4.94%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94621      3.42%     94.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82289      2.97%     97.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42051      1.52%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10484      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6596      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5022      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2766468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           427     12.53%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1496     43.88%     56.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1486     43.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1255340     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23444      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138353      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81836      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1499155                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.471309                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3409                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002274                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5770315                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1817669                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1472365                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1502564                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3733                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29763                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2535                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           91                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          222                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        45023                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         40173                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1509                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1597915                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          880                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153412                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82669                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          235                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1063                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13379                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14248                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        27627                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1475699                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129905                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23454                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             211697                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         205671                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            81792                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.463934                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1472454                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1472365                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          875903                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2292583                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.462886                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382059                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1096603                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1345201                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       252733                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          364                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        24376                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2721445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2171457     79.79%     79.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255258      9.38%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107267      3.94%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        63905      2.35%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43986      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28800      1.06%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15333      0.56%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11760      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23679      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2721445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1096603                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1345201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               203783                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              123649                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               182                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           192382                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1212864                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        27362                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        23679                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4295700                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3240909                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 36008                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                414367                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1096603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1345201                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1096603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.900626                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.900626                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.344753                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.344753                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6654107                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2046223                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1498189                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         221536                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196274                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19156                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141946                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137689                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13640                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          625                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2300504                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1257639                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            221536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       151329                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              278363                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         62765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        80212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          140569                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18597                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2702567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.524668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.775869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2424204     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          41197      1.52%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          21609      0.80%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          40551      1.50%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13317      0.49%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          37459      1.39%     95.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           6001      0.22%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          10518      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         107711      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2702567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.069647                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.395380                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2267418                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       114111                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          277628                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          340                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        43064                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        21865                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          424                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1412992                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        43064                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2271448                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         79494                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        22663                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          273857                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        12035                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1410077                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         9737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1855035                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6399341                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6399341                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1476718                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         378312                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           25770                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       248765                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        42573                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          357                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         9389                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1400826                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1301013                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1446                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269323                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       572667                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2702567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.099775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2133390     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183324      6.78%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185175      6.85%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108416      4.01%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58596      2.17%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15417      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17480      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          410      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          359      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2702567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2357     57.64%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          964     23.58%     81.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1023277     78.65%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10493      0.81%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225223     17.31%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41925      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1301013                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.409016                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4089                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003143                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5310128                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1670377                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1265752                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1305102                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1073                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53564                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        43064                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         64393                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1296                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1401039                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248765                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42573                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          541                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11398                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8828                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        20226                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1282404                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221477                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18609                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             263375                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         194246                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            41898                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.403166                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1266312                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1265752                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          765134                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1692085                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.397931                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.452184                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999231                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1128712                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272397                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        18839                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2659503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.424407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2237246     84.12%     84.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167178      6.29%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106301      4.00%     94.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33278      1.25%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55065      2.07%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11216      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7265      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6464      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35490      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2659503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       999231                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1128712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               236036                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              195198                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           173169                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          987257                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        14509                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        35490                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            4025109                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2845321                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 52389                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                478268                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            999231                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1128712                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       999231                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.183283                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.183283                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.314141                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.314141                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5949738                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1655462                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1488790                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         211999                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190841                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13095                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       101216                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74049                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11534                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          606                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2243260                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1331485                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            211999                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        85583                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              262534                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         41747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       323464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          130519                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12966                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2857582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2595048     90.81%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           9161      0.32%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          18957      0.66%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           7976      0.28%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          42932      1.50%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          38801      1.36%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           7432      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          15663      0.55%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         121612      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2857582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.066649                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.418596                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2224898                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       342300                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          261353                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          922                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        28100                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        18791                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1560433                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        28100                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2228143                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        297387                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        35523                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          259231                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         9189                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1558229                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         3869                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         3427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          215                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1835728                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7334110                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7334110                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1588019                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         247703                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          197                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          108                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           24345                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       365655                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       183652                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1834                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         8933                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1552801                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          201                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1480989                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       142852                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       346938                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2857582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.518266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2325469     81.38%     81.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       162811      5.70%     87.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131498      4.60%     91.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        56532      1.98%     93.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70649      2.47%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        67431      2.36%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38304      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3093      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1795      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2857582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3662     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28461     86.41%     97.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          816      2.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       931256     62.88%     62.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12853      0.87%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           87      0.01%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354013     23.90%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       182780     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1480989                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.465598                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32939                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022241                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5853757                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1695919                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1466276                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1513928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2667                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18473                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2157                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        28100                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        291053                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2388                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1553010                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           41                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       365655                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183652                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1537                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6875                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8057                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        14932                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1469173                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       352643                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11816                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             535377                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         192237                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           182734                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.461883                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1466384                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1466276                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          793203                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1565869                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.460972                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506558                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1180289                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1386761                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       166367                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        13150                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2829482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.490111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.305849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2323992     82.13%     82.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186146      6.58%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87017      3.08%     91.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85163      3.01%     94.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22999      0.81%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97968      3.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7472      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5376      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13349      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2829482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1180289                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1386761                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               528673                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              347178                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           183102                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1233049                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        13370                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        13349                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4369248                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3134372                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 50042                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                323253                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1180289                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1386761                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1180289                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.694963                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.694963                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.371063                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.371063                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        7257785                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1706308                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1850749                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         222834                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       197300                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19227                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142553                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         138239                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13830                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          647                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2310116                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1264077                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            222834                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       152069                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              280072                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         62892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        77972                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          141186                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18671                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2711703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.525887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.777613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2431631     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          41441      1.53%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          21879      0.81%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          40781      1.50%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          13489      0.50%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          37580      1.39%     95.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           6062      0.22%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          10442      0.39%     96.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         108398      4.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2711703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070055                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.397404                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2277227                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       111673                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          279340                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          341                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        43116                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        22107                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          427                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1421117                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1783                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        43116                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2281241                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         73260                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        26598                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          275565                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        11917                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1418126                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         9626                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1866544                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6437272                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6437272                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1487570                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         378952                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           25572                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       249028                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        43073                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          394                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         9485                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1408681                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          203                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1308879                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1487                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269304                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       571423                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2711703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482678                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.100670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2138732     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       184614      6.81%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       186801      6.89%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       109076      4.02%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58507      2.16%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15580      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17606      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          425      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          362      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2711703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2392     57.86%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          970     23.46%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          772     18.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1030037     78.70%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10609      0.81%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           96      0.01%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225708     17.24%     96.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42429      3.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1308879                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.411489                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4134                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003158                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5335080                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1678208                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1273698                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1313013                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1151                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53090                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1773                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        43116                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         58253                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1330                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1408890                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          187                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       249028                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        43073                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          571                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11499                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8870                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        20369                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1290156                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221992                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18721                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             264398                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         195436                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            42406                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.405603                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1274270                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1273698                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          770038                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1706181                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.400429                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.451323                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1005526                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1136563                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272394                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        18908                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2668587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.291237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2243149     84.06%     84.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168324      6.31%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107411      4.03%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33499      1.26%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55402      2.08%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11370      0.43%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7253      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6488      0.24%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35691      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2668587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1005526                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1136563                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               237238                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              195938                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           174330                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          994315                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        14677                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        35691                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4041840                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2861075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 52486                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                469132                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1005526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1136563                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1005526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.163354                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.163354                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.316120                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.316120                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5985188                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1666434                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1496263                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                3180785                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         213672                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192219                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13094                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81380                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74707                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          587                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2254305                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1339628                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            213672                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        86367                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              264320                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         41680                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       326333                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          131040                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12946                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2873227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547699                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.850142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2608907     90.80%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           9200      0.32%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          19325      0.67%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3           8139      0.28%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          43056      1.50%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          38888      1.35%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           7526      0.26%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          15911      0.55%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         122275      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2873227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.067176                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.421163                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2229252                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       351872                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          263141                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          907                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        28046                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        19075                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          224                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1570077                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        28046                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2232963                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        316175                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        24769                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          260676                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        10589                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1567900                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         4849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         3858                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          110                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1848841                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7378238                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7378238                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1600351                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         248408                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          192                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          102                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           27231                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       366371                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       184129                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1822                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         9111                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1562575                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          195                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1489576                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1410                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       143747                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       352376                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2873227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.518433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2336053     81.30%     81.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       164950      5.74%     87.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       133009      4.63%     91.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        58030      2.02%     93.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71234      2.48%     96.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66907      2.33%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38110      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3085      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1849      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2873227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3693     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28157     86.15%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          832      2.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       938520     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12976      0.87%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354770     23.82%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       183222     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1489576                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.468305                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32682                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021940                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5886471                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1706583                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1474696                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1522258                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2647                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18346                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2107                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        28046                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        308512                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3088                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1562776                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       366371                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       184129                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1877                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6901                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8052                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        14953                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1477698                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       353423                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11878                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             536599                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         193590                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           183176                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.464570                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1474815                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1474696                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          798017                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1580922                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.463626                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.504779                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1187473                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1395714                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       167185                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        13138                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2845181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.490554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.305889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2335356     82.08%     82.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       188550      6.63%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87754      3.08%     91.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85715      3.01%     94.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23829      0.84%     95.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97353      3.42%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7548      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5466      0.19%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13610      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2845181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1187473                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1395714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               530026                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              348013                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           184427                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1241126                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        13574                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        13610                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4394457                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3153934                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 49613                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                307558                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1187473                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1395714                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1187473                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.678617                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.678617                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.373327                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.373327                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        7295315                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1717868                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1859819                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.367045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        34.098696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.469994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   119.077938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1883.494781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.007554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.058144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.919675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     251500045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      251500045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     251500045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.748899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 994071.324111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.748899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 994071.324111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.748899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 994071.324111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175381674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229283409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175381674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229283409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175381674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229283409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772606.493392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906258.533597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772606.493392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906258.533597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772606.493392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906258.533597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          243                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.319633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         152561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        66.591445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          75.011836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.178561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   122.346637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1835.782599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.059740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.896378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          385                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   385                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          228                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 243                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14967612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    187493137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     202460749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1382239                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1382239                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14967612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    188875376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      203842988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14967612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    188875376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     203842988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.370915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.385965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.386943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.386943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 997840.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 825960.955947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 836614.665289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1382239                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1382239                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 997840.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 828400.771930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 838860.032922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 997840.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 828400.771930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 838860.032922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                134                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     134                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13649914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    167560262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    181210176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1294439                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1294439                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13649914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    168854701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    182504615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13649914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    168854701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    182504615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.370915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 909994.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 738150.933921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 748802.380165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1294439                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1294439                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 909994.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 740590.793860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751047.798354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 909994.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 740590.793860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751047.798354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          449                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.580177                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         127565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        51.087305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.532687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    25.518929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   211.920109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1804.608452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.012460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.103477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.881156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            156                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 156                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          482                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   483                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          422                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 449                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     57541237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    401892057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     459433294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2413995                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2413995                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     57541237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    404306052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      461847289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     57541237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    404306052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     461847289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          156                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             156                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.467259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.482239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.466814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.481760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.466814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.481760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2131156.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 954612.961995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1025520.745536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2413995                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2413995                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2131156.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 958071.213270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1028613.115813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2131156.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 958071.213270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1028613.115813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55170637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    364928257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    420098894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2326195                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326195                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55170637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    367254452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    422425089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55170637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    367254452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    422425089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.467259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.466814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.481760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.466814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.481760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2043356.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 866812.961995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 937720.745536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2326195                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326195                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2043356.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 870271.213270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 940813.115813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2043356.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 870271.213270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 940813.115813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          241                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.320869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         152553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2289                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        66.646134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          75.015817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.816286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   121.890705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1836.598059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.059517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.896776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            208                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 208                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          380                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   380                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 241                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     16939680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    185923055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     202862735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1366471                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1366471                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     16939680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    187289526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      204229206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     16939680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    187289526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     204229206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          208                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             208                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.372937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.387097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.373970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.388084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.373970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.388084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1209977.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 822668.384956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 845261.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1366471                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1366471                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1209977.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 825063.991189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 847424.091286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1209977.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 825063.991189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 847424.091286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                133                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     133                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15710480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    166075095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    181785575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1278671                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1278671                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15710480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    167353766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    183064246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15710480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    167353766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    183064246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.372937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.387097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.373970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.373970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1122177.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 734845.553097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757439.895833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1278671                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1278671                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1122177.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 737241.259912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759602.680498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1122177.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 737241.259912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759602.680498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          448                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.600541                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         127558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        51.104968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.551120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.647631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   212.608547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1804.793244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.012035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.103813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.881247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          476                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   477                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          422                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 448                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71767188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    417703369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     489470557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2413788                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2413788                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71767188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    420117157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      491884345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71767188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    420117157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     491884345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.470391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.484816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.469933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.484324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.469933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.484324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2760276.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 992169.522565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1095012.431767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2413788                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2413788                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2760276.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 995538.286730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1097956.127232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2760276.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 995538.286730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1097956.127232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 94                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      94                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69484388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    380732994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    450217382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2325988                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325988                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69484388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    383058982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    452543370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69484388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    383058982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    452543370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.470391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.484816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.469933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.484324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.469933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.484324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2672476.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 904353.904988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1007197.722595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2325988                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325988                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2672476.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 907722.706161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1010141.450893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2672476.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 907722.706161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1010141.450893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.372792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                          78429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        34.099565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    15.513853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   119.636112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1882.898391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.007575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.058416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.919384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          421                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   422                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51417183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192199747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     243616930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51417183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192199747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      243616930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51417183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192199747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     243616930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.351938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.376488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.374815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.374815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1977583.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 846694.920705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962912.766798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1977583.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 846694.920705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 962912.766798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1977583.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 846694.920705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 962912.766798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49134383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    172269147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    221403530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49134383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    172269147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    221403530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49134383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    172269147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    221403530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.351938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1889783.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 758894.920705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875112.766798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1889783.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 758894.920705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875112.766798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1889783.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 758894.920705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875112.766798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.371343                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        34.098696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.328827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    15.441035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   118.985361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1883.616120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.007540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.058098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.919734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63303668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    199494171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     262797839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63303668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    199494171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      262797839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63303668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    199494171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     262797839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2434756.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 878828.947137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1038726.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2434756.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 878828.947137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1038726.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2434756.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 878828.947137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1038726.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61020706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    179553752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    240574458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61020706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    179553752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    240574458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61020706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    179553752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    240574458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2346950.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 790985.691630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 950887.185771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2346950.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 790985.691630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 950887.185771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2346950.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 790985.691630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 950887.185771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          658                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2043.183646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                          96465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2699                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        35.741015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks         127.757840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.944808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   263.627351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1626.853647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.062382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.012180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.128724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.794362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.997648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            455                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 455                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          393                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   394                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                67                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          626                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 653                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     69944076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    584550231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     654494307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     67791264                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67791264                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     69944076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    652341495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      722285571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     69944076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    652341495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     722285571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          455                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             455                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               1047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              1047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.588421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.599182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.971014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.971014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.614328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.623687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.614328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.623687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2590521.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1045707.032200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1116884.482935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1011809.910448                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1011809.910448                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2590521.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1042079.065495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1106103.477795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2590521.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1042079.065495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1106103.477795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                357                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     357                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67572727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    535463073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    603035800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     61906045                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61906045                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67572727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    597369118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    664941845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67572727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    597369118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    664941845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.588421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.599182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.614328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.614328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2502693.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 957894.584973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1029071.331058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 923970.820896                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923970.820896                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2502693.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 954263.766773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1018287.664625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2502693.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 954263.766773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1018287.664625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.541429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         133560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        60.162162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.401967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    16.087422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    77.554520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1926.497521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.007855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.037868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.940673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     39908278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    124577389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     164485667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     39908278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    124577389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      164485667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     39908278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    124577389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     164485667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.295635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1534933.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836089.859060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 939918.097143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1534933.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836089.859060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 939918.097143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1534933.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836089.859060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 939918.097143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     37625196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    111490374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149115570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     37625196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    111490374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149115570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     37625196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    111490374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149115570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.295635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1447122.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 748257.543624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852088.971429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1447122.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 748257.543624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852088.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1447122.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 748257.543624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852088.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          660                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2043.373927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                          96477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        35.718993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks         126.507388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.040153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   267.392407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1625.433979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.061771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.011738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.130563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.793669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.997741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            460                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 460                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          399                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   400                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                69                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          632                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 658                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72168332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    576676883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     648845215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     66499720                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     66499720                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72168332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    643176603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      715344935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72168332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    643176603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     715344935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          460                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             460                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               1058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              1058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.586458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.596758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.971831                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.971831                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.612997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.621928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.612997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.621928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2775705.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1024292.865009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1101604.779287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 963764.057971                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 963764.057971                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2775705.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1017684.498418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1087150.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2775705.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1017684.498418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1087150.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                360                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     360                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69880693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    527045842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    596926535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     60500613                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60500613                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69880693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    587546455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    657427148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69880693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    587546455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    657427148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.586458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.596758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.612997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.612997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2687718.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 936138.262877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1013457.614601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 876820.478261                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876820.478261                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2687718.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 929662.112342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 999129.404255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2687718.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 929662.112342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 999129.404255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.367045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        34.098696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.469738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   119.221012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1883.352149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.007554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.058213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.919606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     57795938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    196381868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     254177806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     57795938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    196381868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      254177806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     57795938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    196381868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     254177806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.353033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2222920.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 865118.361233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1004655.359684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2222920.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 865118.361233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1004655.359684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2222920.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 865118.361233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1004655.359684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55513138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    176451268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231964406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55513138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    176451268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231964406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55513138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    176451268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231964406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.353033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2135120.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 777318.361233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 916855.359684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2135120.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 777318.361233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 916855.359684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2135120.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 777318.361233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 916855.359684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          243                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.320636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         152561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        66.591445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          75.024987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.177603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   121.867105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1836.250941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.059505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.896607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          385                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   385                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          228                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 243                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13118004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    186691209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     199809213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1365341                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1365341                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13118004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    188056550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      201174554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13118004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    188056550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     201174554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.385965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.386943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.386943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 874533.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 822428.233480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825657.904959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1365341                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1365341                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 874533.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 824809.429825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 827878.823045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 874533.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 824809.429825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 827878.823045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                134                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     134                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11800956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    166752291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    178553247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1277541                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1277541                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11800956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    168029832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    179830788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11800956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    168029832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    179830788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 786730.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 734591.590308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737823.334711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1277541                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1277541                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 786730.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 736972.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740044.395062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 786730.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 736972.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740044.395062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          251                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.366560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        34.113528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    15.468082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   119.231380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1883.342409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.007553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.058218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.919601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 252                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55304017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    199594928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     254898945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55304017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    199594928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      254898945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55304017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    199594928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     254898945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.352025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.376682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2127077.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 883163.398230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1011503.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2127077.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 883163.398230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1011503.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2127077.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 883163.398230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1011503.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53021217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    179750391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232771608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53021217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    179750391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232771608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53021217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    179750391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232771608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.352025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2039277.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 795355.712389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923696.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2039277.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 795355.712389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923696.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2039277.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 795355.712389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923696.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          446                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.583505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         127559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        51.146351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.535532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    25.485135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   209.387933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1807.174904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.012444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.102240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.882410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          419                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 446                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73995642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    413538644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     487534286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2413951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2413951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73995642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    415952595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      489948237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73995642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    415952595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     489948237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.468085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.483170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.467634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.482684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.467634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.482684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2740579.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 989326.899522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1095582.665169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2413951                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2413951                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2740579.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 992726.957041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1098538.647982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2740579.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 992726.957041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1098538.647982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 92                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      92                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71624597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    376833703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    448458300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2326151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71624597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    379159854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    450784451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71624597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    379159854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    450784451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.468085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.467634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.467634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2652762.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 901516.035885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1007771.460674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2326151                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326151                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2652762.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 904916.119332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1010727.468610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2652762.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 904916.119332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1010727.468610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          250                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.384273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        34.128372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.336685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    15.452869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   118.490550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1884.104169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.007545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.057857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.919973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 251                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60610644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    191932792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     252543436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60610644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    191932792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      252543436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60610644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    191932792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     252543436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.375749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.374069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.374069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2331178.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 853034.631111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1006149.147410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2331178.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 853034.631111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1006149.147410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2331178.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 853034.631111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1006149.147410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 37                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      37                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58326713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    172173474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230500187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58326713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    172173474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230500187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58326713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    172173474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230500187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2243335.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 765215.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 918327.438247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2243335.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 765215.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 918327.438247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2243335.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 765215.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 918327.438247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          451                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.601078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         127563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        51.045618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.553793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    24.805979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   215.206211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1802.035096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.012112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.105081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.879900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            156                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 156                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          480                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   481                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          426                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 452                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67055231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    415261890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     482317121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2413824                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2413824                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67055231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    417675714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      484730945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67055231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    417675714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     484730945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          156                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             156                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.470653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.484946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.470199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.484459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.470199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.484459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2579047.346154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 977086.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1069439.292683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2413824                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2413824                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2579047.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 980459.422535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1072413.595133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2579047.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 980459.422535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1072413.595133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     64772431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    378028230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    442800661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2326024                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326024                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     64772431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    380354254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    445126685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     64772431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    380354254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    445126685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.470653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.484946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.470199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.484459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.470199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.484459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2491247.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 889478.188235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 981819.647450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2326024                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326024                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2491247.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 892850.361502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 984793.550885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2491247.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 892850.361502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 984793.550885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              542.471145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750172843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1354102.604693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.738435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.732710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.025222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.844123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         140646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        140646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       140689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       140689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              171131166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             189724.130820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   154.869560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   101.130440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.604959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.395041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       201493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         242162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        242162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1034289979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1034289979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1284387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1035574366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1035574366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1035574366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1035574366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       203734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461530.557340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 461530.557340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85625.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85625.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224514119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224514119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224706419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    224706419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224706419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    224706419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 349166.592535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349166.592535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              496.177567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              845322422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1700849.943662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.177567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.022720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       137394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       137394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         137394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       137394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        137394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     18473350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18473350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     18473350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18473350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     18473350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18473350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       137414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       137414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       137414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       137414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       137414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 923667.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 923667.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 923667.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 923667.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 923667.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 923667.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15102298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15102298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15102298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15102298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15102298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15102298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1006819.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1006819.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1006819.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1006819.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1006819.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1006819.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              132973427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             153018.903337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   175.155225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    80.844775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.684200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.315800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        95068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        79734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       174802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         174802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       174802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        174802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    912975188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    912975188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     87588636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     87588636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1000563824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1000563824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1000563824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1000563824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        97158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        79851                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79851                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       177009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       177009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       177009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       177009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001465                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001465                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 436830.233493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436830.233493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 748620.820513                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 748620.820513                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453359.231536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453359.231536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453359.231536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453359.231536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       278278                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       139139                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    214644397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214644397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1390539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1390539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    216034936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    216034936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    216034936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    216034936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 350726.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 350726.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1390539                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1390539                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 352422.407830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 352422.407830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 352422.407830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 352422.407830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              568.515501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              868079272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1520278.935201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    26.465970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   542.049531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.042413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.868669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       131314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       131314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         131314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       131314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        131314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83989797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83989797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83989797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83989797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83989797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83989797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       131360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       131360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       131360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       131360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       131360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1825865.152174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1825865.152174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1825865.152174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1825865.152174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1825865.152174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1825865.152174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     57842837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57842837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     57842837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57842837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     57842837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57842837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2065815.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2065815.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2065815.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2065815.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2065815.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2065815.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  904                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              332251151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 1160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             286423.406034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   105.813864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   150.186136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.413335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.586665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       333314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        333314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       181799                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181799                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       515113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         515113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       515113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        515113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         3246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         3246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1649670973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1649670973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5291035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5291035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1654962008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1654962008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1654962008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1654962008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       336552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       336552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       181807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       518359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       518359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       518359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       518359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 509472.196726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 509472.196726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 661379.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 661379.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 509846.582871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 509846.582871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 509846.582871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 509846.582871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          156                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             156                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    437986874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    437986874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2555614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2555614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    440542488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    440542488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    440542488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    440542488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 486111.957825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 486111.957825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 851871.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851871.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 487325.761062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 487325.761062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 487325.761062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 487325.761062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              495.815360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              845322611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1704279.457661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.815360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.022140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       137583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       137583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         137583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       137583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        137583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     19565428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19565428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     19565428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19565428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     19565428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19565428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       137603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       137603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       137603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       137603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       137603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 978271.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 978271.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 978271.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 978271.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 978271.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 978271.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     17056521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17056521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     17056521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17056521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     17056521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17056521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1218322.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1218322.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1218322.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1218322.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1218322.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1218322.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  607                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              132973436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  863                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             154082.776362                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   175.112704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    80.887296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.684034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.315966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        94972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        79840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       174812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         174812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       174812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        174812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    873964689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    873964689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    109078697                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    109078697                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    983043386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    983043386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    983043386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    983043386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        97049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        79957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       177006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       177006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       177006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       177006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001463                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001463                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 420782.228695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420782.228695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 932296.555556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932296.555556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 448059.884230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448059.884230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 448059.884230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448059.884230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       294339                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 147169.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1587                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1587                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    212735549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    212735549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1374771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1374771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    214110320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    214110320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    214110320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    214110320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 351048.760726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 351048.760726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1374771                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1374771                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 352735.288303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 352735.288303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 352735.288303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 352735.288303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              567.644291                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              868077526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1522943.028070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.592273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   542.052017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.041013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.868673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       129568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       129568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         129568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       129568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        129568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    118825305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    118825305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    118825305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    118825305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    118825305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    118825305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       129611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       129611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       129611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       129611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       129611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2763379.186047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2763379.186047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2763379.186047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2763379.186047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2763379.186047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2763379.186047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72047088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72047088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72047088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72047088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72047088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72047088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2668410.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2668410.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2668410.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2668410.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2668410.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2668410.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  898                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              332249635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             287911.295494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   105.575799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   150.424201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.412405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.587595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       332515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        332515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       181086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       513601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         513601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       513601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        513601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         3241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3241                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         3241                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1723960382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1723960382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5287711                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5287711                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1729248093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1729248093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1729248093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1729248093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       335748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       335748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       181094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       516842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       516842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       516842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       516842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 533238.596350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 533238.596350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 660963.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 660963.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 533553.870102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 533553.870102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 533553.870102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 533553.870102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2343                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2343                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    453340431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    453340431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2554366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2554366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    455894797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    455894797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    455894797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    455894797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 506525.621229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 506525.621229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 851455.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851455.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 507677.947661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 507677.947661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 507677.947661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 507677.947661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              542.514497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750173618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1354104.003610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    15.784534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.729963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.025296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.844119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         141421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        141421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     73781605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73781605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     73781605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73781605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     73781605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73781605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       141463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       141463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       141463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       141463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       141463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1756704.880952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1756704.880952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1756704.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1756704.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1756704.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1756704.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51698812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51698812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51698812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51698812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51698812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51698812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1914770.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1914770.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1914770.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1914770.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1914770.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1914770.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  648                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              171132378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  904                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             189305.727876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   155.338438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   100.661562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.606791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.393209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       202130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        202130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        41244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        41244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       243374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         243374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       243374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        243374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    988937131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    988937131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1185423                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1185423                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    990122554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    990122554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    990122554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    990122554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       204381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       204381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        41259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        41259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       245640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       245640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       245640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       245640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000364                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 439332.354953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439332.354953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 79028.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79028.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 436947.287732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436947.287732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 436947.287732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436947.287732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    221572479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    221572479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    221764779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    221764779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    221764779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    221764779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 343523.223256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343523.223256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 342229.597222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342229.597222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 342229.597222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342229.597222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              542.442958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              750172839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1354102.597473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    15.707843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.735115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.025173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.844127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       140642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       140642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         140642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       140642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        140642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     95520909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95520909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     95520909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95520909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     95520909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95520909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       140685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       140685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       140685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       140685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       140685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2221416.488372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2221416.488372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2221416.488372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2221416.488372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2221416.488372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2221416.488372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63584606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63584606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63584606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63584606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63584606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63584606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2354985.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2354985.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2354985.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2354985.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2354985.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2354985.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              171131035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             189723.985588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   154.828641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   101.171359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.604799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.395201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       201335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       242031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         242031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       242031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        242031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1048485692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1048485692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1284589                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284589                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1049770281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1049770281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1049770281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1049770281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       203577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        40711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       244288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       244288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 467656.419269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 467656.419269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85639.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85639.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 465117.536996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 465117.536996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 465117.536996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 465117.536996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1611                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1611                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    228722296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228722296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    228914596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228914596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    228914596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228914596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 355711.191291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355711.191291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 354356.959752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354356.959752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 354356.959752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354356.959752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              516.542077                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              849065960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1639123.474903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    26.542077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.042535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       105512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        105512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       105512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         105512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       105512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        105512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88721720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88721720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88721720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88721720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88721720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88721720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       105554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       105554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       105554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       105554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       105554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2112421.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2112421.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2112421.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2112421.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2112421.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2112421.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       129437                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       129437                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70234933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70234933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70234933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70234933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70234933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70234933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2508390.464286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2508390.464286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2508390.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2508390.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2508390.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2508390.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 1019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              141284005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             110810.984314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   194.331271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    61.668729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.759107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.240893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        79982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        64149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       144131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         144131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       144131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        144131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          556                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          556                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1597375292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1597375292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    539130855                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    539130855                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2136506147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2136506147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2136506147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2136506147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        82404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        64705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       147109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       147109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       147109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       147109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.029392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008593                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008593                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.020243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.020243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 659527.370768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 659527.370768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 969659.811151                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969659.811151                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 717429.868032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 717429.868032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 717429.868032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 717429.868032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1959                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1959                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    615657994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    615657994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     68476130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68476130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    684134124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    684134124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    684134124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    684134124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001066                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001066                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 648061.046316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 648061.046316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 992407.681159                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992407.681159                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 671377.943081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 671377.943081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 671377.943081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 671377.943081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              491.284890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              844476079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1682223.264940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    16.284890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.026098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       145307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       145307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         145307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       145307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        145307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49166050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49166050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49166050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     49166050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49166050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     49166050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       145346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       145346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       145346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       145346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       145346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1260667.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1260667.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1260667.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1260667.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1260667.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1260667.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     40233169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40233169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     40233169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40233169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     40233169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40233169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1490117.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1490117.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1490117.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1490117.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1490117.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1490117.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              127667042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             167322.466579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   156.243024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    99.756976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.610324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.389676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        98687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        82243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       180930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         180930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       180930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        180930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    611648320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    611648320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1099761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1099761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    612748081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    612748081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    612748081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    612748081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       100292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        82257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       182549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       182549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       182549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       182549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.016003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 381089.295950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 381089.295950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 78554.357143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78554.357143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 378473.181594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 378473.181594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 378473.181594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 378473.181594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    148977650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    148977650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    149169950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149169950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    149169950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149169950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 295590.575397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295590.575397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 294220.808679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294220.808679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 294220.808679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294220.808679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              515.676357                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              849067129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1642296.187621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.676357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.041148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       106681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        106681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       106681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         106681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       106681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        106681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     93626717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93626717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     93626717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93626717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     93626717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93626717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       106722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       106722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       106722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       106722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       106722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2283578.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2283578.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2283578.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2283578.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2283578.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2283578.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       731151                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       731151                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72450843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72450843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72450843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72450843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72450843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72450843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2683364.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2683364.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2683364.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2683364.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2683364.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2683364.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 1030                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              141285786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             109864.530327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   194.755797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    61.244203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.760765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.239235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        80879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        65029                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65029                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       145908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         145908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       145908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        145908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          546                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          546                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1494854386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1494854386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    547924526                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    547924526                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2042778912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2042778912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2042778912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2042778912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        83286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        65575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       148861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       148861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.028900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008326                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008326                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 621044.614042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 621044.614042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1003524.772894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1003524.772894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 691763.939045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 691763.939045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 691763.939045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 691763.939045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1922                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1922                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    608218861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    608218861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     67192320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67192320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    675411181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    675411181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    675411181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    675411181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001083                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001083                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 633561.313542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 633561.313542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 946370.704225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 946370.704225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 655102.988361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 655102.988361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 655102.988361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 655102.988361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              542.470888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750172881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1354102.673285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.738364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.732524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.025222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.844123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       140684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       140684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         140684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       140684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        140684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86828340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86828340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86828340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86828340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86828340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86828340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       140727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       140727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       140727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       140727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       140727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2019263.720930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2019263.720930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2019263.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2019263.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2019263.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2019263.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58077804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58077804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58077804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58077804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58077804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58077804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2151029.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2151029.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2151029.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2151029.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2151029.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2151029.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              171131202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             189724.170732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   155.044797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   100.955203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.605644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.394356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       201515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       242198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         242198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       242198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        242198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1042182198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1042182198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1284837                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284837                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1043467035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1043467035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1043467035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1043467035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       203759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40698                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40698                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       244457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       244457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 464430.569519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 464430.569519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 85655.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85655.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 461915.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 461915.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 461915.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 461915.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1613                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1613                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    225582882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225582882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    225775182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225775182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    225775182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225775182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 350828.743390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 350828.743390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 349497.185759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349497.185759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 349497.185759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349497.185759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              496.176610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              845322692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1700850.486922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.176610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.022719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       137664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       137664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         137664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       137664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        137664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15903038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15903038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15903038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15903038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15903038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15903038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       137683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       137683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       137683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       137683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       137683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       837002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       837002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       837002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       837002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       837002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       837002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13252721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13252721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13252721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13252721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13252721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13252721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 883514.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883514.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 883514.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883514.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 883514.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883514.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              132973182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             153018.621404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   174.900039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    81.099961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.683203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.316797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        94936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        79625                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79625                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          198                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          198                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       174561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         174561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       174561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        174561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    924294968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    924294968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    102128085                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    102128085                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1026423053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1026423053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1026423053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1026423053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        97026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        79742                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79742                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          198                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       176768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       176768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001467                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001467                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 442246.396172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442246.396172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 872889.615385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 872889.615385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 465076.145446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 465076.145446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 465076.145446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 465076.145446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2582259                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 1291129.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    213842285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    213842285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1373641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1373641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    215215926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    215215926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    215215926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    215215926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 349415.498366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349415.498366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1373641                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1373641                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 351086.339315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 351086.339315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 351086.339315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 351086.339315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              542.469233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750172723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1354102.388087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    15.736165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.733069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.025218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.844124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         140526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        140526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     84386924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84386924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     84386924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84386924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     84386924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84386924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       140569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       140569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1962486.604651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1962486.604651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1962486.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1962486.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1962486.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1962486.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55585890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55585890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55585890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55585890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55585890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55585890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2058736.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2058736.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2058736.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2058736.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2058736.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2058736.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  645                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              171131055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             189934.578246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   155.014477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   100.985523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.605525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.394475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       201431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       242051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         242051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       242051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        242051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1045233462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1045233462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1284942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1046518404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1046518404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1046518404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1046518404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       203673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        40635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       244308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       244308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 466205.826048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466205.826048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85662.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85662.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 463676.740806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 463676.740806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 463676.740806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 463676.740806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1612                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1612                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    228791055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228791055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    228983355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228983355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    228983355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228983355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 356372.359813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 356372.359813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 355012.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355012.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 355012.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355012.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              568.481717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              868078430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1520277.460595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    26.430887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   542.050830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.042357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.868671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       130472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       130472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         130472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       130472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        130472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    126103839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    126103839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    126103839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    126103839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    126103839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    126103839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       130519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       130519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       130519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       130519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       130519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2683060.404255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2683060.404255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2683060.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2683060.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2683060.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2683060.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74284042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74284042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74284042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74284042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74284042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74284042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2653001.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2653001.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2653001.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2653001.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2653001.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2653001.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  896                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              332250104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             288411.548611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   105.728048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   150.271952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.413000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.587000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       332764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        332764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       181300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       514064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         514064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       514064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        514064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         3220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         3220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1687689673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1687689673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5290683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5290683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1692980356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1692980356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1692980356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1692980356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       335976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       335976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       181308                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181308                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       517284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       517284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       517284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       517284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 525432.650374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 525432.650374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 661335.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 661335.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 525770.296894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 525770.296894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 525770.296894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 525770.296894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    449266807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    449266807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2555526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2555526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    451822333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    451822333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    451822333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    451822333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 503098.328108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 503098.328108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       851842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       851842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 504265.996652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 504265.996652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 504265.996652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 504265.996652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              542.454757                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750173344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1354103.509025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    15.720384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.734373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.025193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.844126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       141147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       141147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         141147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       141147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        141147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79297554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79297554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79297554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79297554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79297554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79297554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       141186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       141186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       141186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       141186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       141186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2033270.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2033270.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2033270.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2033270.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2033270.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2033270.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60891917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60891917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60891917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60891917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60891917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60891917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2255256.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2255256.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2255256.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2255256.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2255256.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2255256.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  644                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              171131731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             190146.367778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   154.941178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   101.058822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.605239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.394761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       201648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41082                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        41082                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       242730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         242730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       242730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        242730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    994634807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    994634807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1179556                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1179556                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    995814363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    995814363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    995814363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    995814363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       203917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        41097                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        41097                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       245014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       245014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       245014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       245014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438358.222565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438358.222565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 78637.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78637.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 435995.780648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435995.780648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 435995.780648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435995.780648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    221128197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    221128197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    221320497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    221320497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    221320497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    221320497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 344973.786271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344973.786271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 343665.368012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343665.368012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 343665.368012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343665.368012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              567.802602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              868078952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1522945.529825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.753148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   542.049454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.041271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.868669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       130994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       130994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         130994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       130994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        130994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    112411374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    112411374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    112411374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    112411374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    112411374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    112411374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       131040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       131040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       131040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       131040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       131040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2443725.521739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2443725.521739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2443725.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2443725.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2443725.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2443725.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67364531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67364531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67364531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67364531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67364531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67364531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2494982.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2494982.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2494982.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2494982.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2494982.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2494982.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  905                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              332251148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             286176.699397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   105.837722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   150.162278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.413429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.586571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       333295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        333295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       181817                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181817                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       515112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         515112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       515112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        515112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         3290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         3290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1688000103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1688000103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5287999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5287999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1693288102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1693288102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1693288102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1693288102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       336577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       336577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       181825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       518402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       518402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       518402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       518402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 514320.567642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 514320.567642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 660999.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 660999.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 514677.234650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 514677.234650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 514677.234650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 514677.234650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          156                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             156                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    451251803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    451251803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2554438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2554438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    453806241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    453806241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    453806241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    453806241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 499725.141750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 499725.141750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 851479.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851479.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 500889.890728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 500889.890728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 500889.890728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 500889.890728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
