
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011071                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11070679881                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               523679882769                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 380747                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   485473                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 270746                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67753944                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 40889.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15568562779                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   19850750690                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       474496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       116864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       256640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       477952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       476544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       232960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       117248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       379776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       377856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       256896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       256256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       154752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       478848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       155008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       154752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       155008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4594304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1107968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1107968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         2967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 35893                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8656                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8656                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     42860602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     10556172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       335300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23181955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     43172778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       369986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     43045595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       393110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21042971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     10590858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     34304668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     34131237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       381548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     23205079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       381548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     23147269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13978545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       369986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     43253712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14001669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       439359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13978545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     14001669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               414997457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       335300                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       369986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       393110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       381548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       381548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       369986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       439359                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6544133                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         100081297                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              100081297                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         100081297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     42860602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     10556172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       335300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23181955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     43172778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       369986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     43045595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       393110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21042971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     10590858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     34304668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     34131237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       381548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     23205079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       381548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     23147269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13978545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       369986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     43253712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14001669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       439359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13978545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     14001669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              515078754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        1761375                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1588882                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94565                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       665951                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         629117                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97003                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4156                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18692051                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11064936                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           1761375                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       726120                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2188844                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        297117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      2954424                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1074307                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94735                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24035538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.540121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.835908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21846694     90.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          77752      0.32%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         160751      0.67%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          67825      0.28%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         362548      1.51%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         324713      1.35%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          62769      0.26%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         130897      0.54%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1001589      4.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24035538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.066346                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.416784                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       18475427                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      3172513                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2180544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         7074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       154808                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     12973586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       18502472                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2948192                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       131731                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2163845                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        89318                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     12965378                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           41                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        46845                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        28926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          873                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     15229868                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     61056054                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     61056054                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     13472728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        1757123                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1565                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          821                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          205530                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      3056913                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      1544865                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14096                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        75476                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         12938806                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1570                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12427342                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7528                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1018154                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2446364                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           71                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24035538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19561076     81.38%     81.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1374239      5.72%     87.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1106172      4.60%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       476092      1.98%     93.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       595596      2.48%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       561112      2.33%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       319998      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25473      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15780      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24035538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31234     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237421     86.14%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6975      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7800296     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108066      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2977617     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540619     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12427342                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.468101                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275630                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49173380                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13958881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12319911                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12702972                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22206                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122569                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          352                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10549                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1098                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2874844                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26343                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12940384                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3056913                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544865                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          821                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16036                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          352                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54598                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55953                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       110551                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12339907                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2968155                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            4508572                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1617206                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          1540417                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.464808                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12320313                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12319911                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         6657102                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        13153178                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.464055                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.506121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11751448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1190294                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1499                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        96420                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23835564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.493022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19552736     82.03%     82.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1580005      6.63%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       734732      3.08%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720909      3.02%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       199937      0.84%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       822247      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62877      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45961      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116160      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23835564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11751448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              4468660                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2934344                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1551994                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        10449670                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       113801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       116160                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36661120                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          26083496                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                401690                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2512856                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11751448                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.654839                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.654839                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.376671                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.376671                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60998391                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      14312939                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      15440349                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2295624                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1911337                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210854                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       868798                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836070                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246586                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9770                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19959027                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12594992                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2295624                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1082656                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2623592                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        589198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      1884076                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1241727                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201554                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     24844838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       22221246     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         160034      0.64%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         201386      0.81%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         322866      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         136142      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         173103      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         203114      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          93424      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1333523      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     24844838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.086469                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.474416                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19842511                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      2013895                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2610999                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1289                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       376136                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       349238                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     15396692                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       376136                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19863140                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         64753                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1892569                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2591601                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        56632                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     15301530                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         8139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        39322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     21369349                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     71149293                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     71149293                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17825151                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3544158                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3660                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1891                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          199820                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1435842                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       748176                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8485                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       170422                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14935821                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3675                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        14311268                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15357                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1845943                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3782297                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24844838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576026                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18782485     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2764389     11.13%     86.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1129989      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       633362      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858428      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265779      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       259765      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139510      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11131      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24844838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98923     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13608     10.86%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12792     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12055912     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195289      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1768      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1312761      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745538      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     14311268                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.539063                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125323                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53608052                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16785525                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13934580                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     14436591                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10629                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277169                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11782                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       376136                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         49310                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6258                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14939502                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11647                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1435842                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748176                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1892                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5421                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124104                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119160                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       243264                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14059403                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1290263                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251863                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2035674                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1987282                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           745411                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.529576                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13934695                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13934580                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8347295                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        22431642                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.524875                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10370571                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12779095                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2160440                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3569                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       212420                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24468702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19058124     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2742942     11.21%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       995994      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       495850      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453005      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190172      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188837      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89511      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254267      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24468702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10370571                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12779095                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1895064                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1158670                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1852182                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11505505                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       263929                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       254267                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           39153892                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          30255246                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                305594                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1703556                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10370571                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12779095                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10370571                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.559974                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.559974                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390629                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390629                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       63256873                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      19472135                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      14235148                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               26546957                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1788708                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1607876                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       142093                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1228215                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1199823                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101394                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4199                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19088988                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             10180543                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1788708                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1301217                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2273144                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        472016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       796794                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1154645                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       139109                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     22488095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.504091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.731923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20214951     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         357653      1.59%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         167752      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         353304      1.57%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         102491      0.46%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         329489      1.47%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          48534      0.22%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          76996      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         836925      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     22488095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067379                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.383492                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       18864001                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1026361                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2268433                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1906                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       327390                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       159080                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1780                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     11315385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4333                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       327390                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       18889516                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        751170                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       196886                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2244118                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        79011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     11296968                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         8868                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        63508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     14730812                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     51081513                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     51081513                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     11894098                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2836600                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1435                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          729                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          169477                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2108104                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       312662                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1941                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        70972                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         11239439                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1441                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        10510497                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6671                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2069397                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4238938                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22488095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.467380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.076298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17870449     79.47%     79.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1420355      6.32%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1593105      7.08%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       904996      4.02%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       450712      2.00%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112839      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       130072      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3067      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2500      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22488095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16537     56.38%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7148     24.37%     80.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5645     19.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8197804     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77869      0.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          707      0.01%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1924340     18.31%     97.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       309777      2.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     10510497                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.395921                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29330                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002791                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43545090                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13310307                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10242846                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     10539827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7943                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       434421                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7858                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       327390                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        651260                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9487                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11240887                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2108104                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       312662                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          728                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3825                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          273                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        96208                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53935                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       150143                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10382504                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1898037                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       127993                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2207786                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1584743                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           309749                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.391100                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             10245393                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            10242846                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6215544                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        13252392                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.385839                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.469013                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8187725                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      9157235                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2084071                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1427                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       141045                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22160705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283264                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18783924     84.76%     84.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1304711      5.89%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       860632      3.88%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       266216      1.20%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455385      2.05%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84434      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53155      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        48012      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304236      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22160705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      8187725                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      9157235                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1978464                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1673669                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1411229                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         7983339                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       108520                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       304236                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           33097749                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          22810366                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                433006                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               4058862                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           8187725                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             9157235                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      8187725                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.242287                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.242287                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.308424                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.308424                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       48367763                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      13282242                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12128359                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1426                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               26548382                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1770514                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1597157                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94384                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       657255                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         630860                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97397                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4169                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18772626                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11125098                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1770514                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       728257                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2199364                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        298166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      2869521                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1078507                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94604                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     24042943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.840490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21843579     90.85%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          78017      0.32%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         161154      0.67%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          68000      0.28%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         363923      1.51%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         325962      1.36%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          62355      0.26%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         132007      0.55%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1007946      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     24042943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.066690                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.419050                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       18569528                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      3074046                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2191112                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         7054                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       201197                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       155624                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          235                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13043103                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1441                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       201197                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       18595779                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2859762                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       127120                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2175224                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        83855                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13035221                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        42304                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        28054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          661                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     15310690                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     61383917                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     61383917                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     13540135                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        1770465                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1553                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          806                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          197142                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3072690                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1553007                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14236                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        74961                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13008488                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1559                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12489690                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7682                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1030807                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2485085                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           52                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24042943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.519474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19554664     81.33%     81.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1371962      5.71%     87.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1109846      4.62%     91.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       478515      1.99%     93.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       598754      2.49%     96.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       565438      2.35%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       322100      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25627      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16037      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24042943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31339     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       239156     86.17%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7045      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7837978     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108925      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          747      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2993372     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1548668     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12489690                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.470450                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            277540                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022222                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49307545                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14041216                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12381505                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12767230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22430                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122905                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           50                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          363                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10666                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1104                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       201197                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2795778                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25301                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13010056                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          148                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3072690                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1553007                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          806                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15439                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          363                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54006                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56436                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       110442                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12401840                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2983584                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87850                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            4532058                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1625137                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1548474                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.467141                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12381910                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12381505                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6690382                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        13214760                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.466375                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506281                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10050773                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11810919                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1200393                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1507                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        96238                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23841746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19540203     81.96%     81.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1584601      6.65%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       737659      3.09%     91.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       724883      3.04%     94.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       200716      0.84%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       827879      3.47%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        63110      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46128      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116567      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23841746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10050773                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11810919                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              4492103                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             2949769                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               752                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1559771                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10502521                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       114328                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       116567                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           36736465                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          26223926                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                403564                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2505439                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10050773                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11810919                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10050773                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.641427                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.641427                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.378583                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.378583                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       61303363                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      14383644                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      15523126                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1506                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1767885                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1594665                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94084                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       657373                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         630203                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97154                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4198                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18744879                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11107428                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1767885                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       727357                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2195886                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        296577                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      2926469                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1076722                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94294                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     24067380                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.541369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.838111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21871494     90.88%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          78097      0.32%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         160834      0.67%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          67689      0.28%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         363392      1.51%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         325524      1.35%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          62914      0.26%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         131654      0.55%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1005782      4.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     24067380                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.066591                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.418384                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       18537461                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      3135315                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2187569                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         7119                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       199910                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       155509                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          236                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13020856                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1442                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       199910                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       18563876                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2918997                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       127397                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2171499                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        85695                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13013029                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           81                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        43693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        28427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          838                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     15283303                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     61279919                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     61279919                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     13525521                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        1757770                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1555                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          809                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          199372                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3067517                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1551381                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14367                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        75018                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         12986251                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1560                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12471812                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7347                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1020433                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2459071                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           57                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24067380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.518204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.307905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19584619     81.37%     81.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1371035      5.70%     87.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1108033      4.60%     91.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       477621      1.98%     93.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       598507      2.49%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       564724      2.35%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       321539      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25450      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15852      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24067380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31242     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       238836     86.19%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7041      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7825814     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108749      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2989372     23.97%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1547131     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12471812                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.469777                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            277119                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022220                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49295470                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14008612                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12364800                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12748931                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22567                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       120838                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          369                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10675                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1100                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       199910                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2854225                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25669                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12987820                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          157                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3067517                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1551381                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          809                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15748                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          369                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53854                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56170                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       110024                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12384799                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2980074                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87013                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            4527024                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1622938                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1546950                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.466499                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12365216                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12364800                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         6681408                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        13196479                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.465746                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506302                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10040012                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11798345                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1190869                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        95927                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23867470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.311874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19570677     82.00%     82.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1582968      6.63%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       736403      3.09%     91.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       723939      3.03%     94.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       200591      0.84%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       827502      3.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        63039      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46162      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116189      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23867470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10040012                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11798345                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              4487378                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             2946672                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1558150                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10491341                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       114224                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       116189                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           36740469                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          26178378                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                402737                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2481014                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10040012                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11798345                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10040012                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.644259                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.644259                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.378178                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.378178                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       61222596                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      14362457                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      15500869                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1943079                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1593484                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192366                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       797716                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         756635                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198547                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8518                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18571149                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11054570                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1943079                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       955182                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2429737                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        547477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1877958                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1145639                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191048                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23230695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20800958     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         262651      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         305213      1.31%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         166921      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         191740      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         106120      0.46%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          72548      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         187750      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1136794      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23230695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.073190                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.416393                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       18418725                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      2033558                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2409609                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        18944                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       349856                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       314996                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1995                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13490248                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        10473                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       349856                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       18448256                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        497014                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1454740                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2399856                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        80970                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13481028                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        19576                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        38165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     18736910                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     62769833                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     62769833                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     15975863                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2761047                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3608                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2046                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          221794                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1287521                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       700779                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18657                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       155600                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13458540                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3617                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12710012                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17238                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1696207                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3928640                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          479                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23230695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17875967     76.95%     76.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2153482      9.27%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1156062      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       803046      3.46%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       700566      3.02%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       356449      1.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        87221      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55783      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42119      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23230695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3158     11.49%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11864     43.17%     54.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12459     45.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10639204     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198943      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1555      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1174759      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       695551      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12710012                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.478749                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27481                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002162                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48695438                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15158495                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12498710                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12737493                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31923                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       228954                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          134                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15811                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          778                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          172                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       349856                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        451526                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12896                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13462180                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4751                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1287521                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700779                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2050                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9217                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          134                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111100                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108304                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       219404                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12522288                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1103952                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187724                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1799286                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1751480                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           695334                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.471678                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12498947                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12498710                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7429392                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        19460204                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.470790                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381774                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9382256                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11509907                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1952424                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3138                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       193373                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22880839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503037                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18178142     79.45%     79.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2180195      9.53%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       914776      4.00%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       549416      2.40%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       379692      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246010      1.08%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127612      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102546      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202450      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22880839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9382256                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11509907                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1743535                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1058567                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1647043                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10376716                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       234078                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       202450                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           36140655                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          27274530                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                286343                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               3317699                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9382256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11509907                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9382256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.829639                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.829639                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.353402                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.353402                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       56488571                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      17347845                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12592816                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3134                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2296983                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1912466                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210975                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869298                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836537                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246739                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9777                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19970820                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12602646                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2296983                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1083276                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2625174                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        589535                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      1869656                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1242457                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201668                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     24844037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       22218863     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         160139      0.64%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         201505      0.81%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         323070      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         136210      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         173200      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         203224      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          93473      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1334353      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     24844037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.086521                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.474705                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19854222                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1999604                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2612562                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1292                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       376349                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       349445                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     15405937                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       376349                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19874870                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         64856                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1878115                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2593148                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        56692                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     15310671                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         8158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        39355                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     21382249                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     71191772                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     71191772                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     17836018                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3546217                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3663                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1893                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          199989                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1436681                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       748615                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8496                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       170519                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14944760                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3679                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        14319915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15369                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1846972                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3784331                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24844037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18778044     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2766030     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1130675      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       633744      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858938      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265943      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       259942      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139584      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11137      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24844037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98977     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13618     10.86%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12800     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12063209     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195411      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1769      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1313548      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745978      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     14319915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.539389                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125395                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53624631                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16795497                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13942997                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14445310                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10639                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277325                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11785                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       376349                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         49393                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6260                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14948445                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11672                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1436681                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748615                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1894                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5423                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124174                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119234                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       243408                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14067896                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1291028                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252019                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2036879                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1988472                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           745851                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.529896                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13943112                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13942997                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8352415                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        22445235                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.525192                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10376894                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12786823                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2161683                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3573                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       212544                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24467688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19053843     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2744597     11.22%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       996573      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       496168      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453286      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190287      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188955      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89565      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254414      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24467688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10376894                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12786823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1896186                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1159356                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1853279                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11512473                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       264083                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       254414                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           39161702                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          30273373                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                305766                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1704357                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10376894                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12786823                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10376894                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.558414                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.558414                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390867                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390867                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       63295092                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      19484011                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      14243778                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3570                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1868545                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1528145                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184213                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       770059                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         735349                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         192026                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8233                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18128720                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             10602546                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1868545                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       927375                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2220246                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        537350                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       890497                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1116465                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       185113                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     21588519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       19368273     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         120138      0.56%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         189295      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         302022      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         125578      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         139880      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         150178      0.70%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          97680      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1095475      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     21588519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.070383                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.399367                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       17956048                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1064841                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2213150                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         5690                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       348787                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       306052                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     12944511                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       348787                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       17984387                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        242740                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       738325                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2191051                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        83226                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     12934919                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents         2278                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        21662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        30695                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7200                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     17950982                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     60171074                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     60171074                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     15288159                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2662823                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3370                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1892                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          242370                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1234057                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       663157                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19532                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       150876                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         12914788                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3381                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12214520                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15827                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1656454                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3692729                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          398                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21588519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16437588     76.14%     76.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2069573      9.59%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1128984      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       769291      3.56%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       721047      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       207150      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       162515      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54890      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37481      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21588519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2904     12.86%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8682     38.45%     51.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10996     48.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10231718     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193228      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1478      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1129425      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       658671      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12214520                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.460085                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22582                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001849                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46055968                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14574780                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12015609                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12237102                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36537                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224881                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          163                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21665                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       348787                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        159312                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10817                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12918189                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3613                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1234057                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       663157                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1891                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7953                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          163                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107063                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105559                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       212622                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12038973                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1062240                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       175547                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1720600                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1693466                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           658360                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.453473                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             12015797                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            12015609                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7025580                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        18357384                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.452593                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382711                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8980786                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11008117                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1910143                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2983                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       187911                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21239732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16768546     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2165887     10.20%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       844271      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       453193      2.13%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       339684      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190212      0.90%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117359      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104481      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256099      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21239732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      8980786                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11008117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1650668                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1009176                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1488                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1580117                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         9919167                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       223619                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       256099                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           33901828                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          26185337                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                295922                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               4959875                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           8980786                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11008117                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      8980786                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.956133                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.956133                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.338280                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.338280                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       54290931                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      16653053                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      12074137                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         2980                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               26548387                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1864284                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1524639                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183737                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       762951                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         731811                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         190996                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8145                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18081615                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10576517                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1864284                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       922807                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2213941                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        536235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       894070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1113515                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184663                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     21538068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       19324127     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         119688      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         187761      0.87%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         301244      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         125194      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         139532      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         148936      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          98500      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1093086      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     21538068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070222                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.398386                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       17910211                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1067174                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2206806                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         5701                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       348173                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       305433                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          272                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     12914438                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1621                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       348173                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       17937954                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        251201                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       733671                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2185322                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        81744                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     12905204                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         3949                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        21531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        30497                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6142                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     17911629                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     60029705                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     60029705                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     15249191                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2662438                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1878                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          241358                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1231488                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       661569                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19323                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       149470                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         12885804                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3366                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12185421                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15740                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1653828                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3693756                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          391                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21538068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565762                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16400359     76.15%     76.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2062791      9.58%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1126225      5.23%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       768851      3.57%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       719148      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       206663      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       161869      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54790      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37372      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21538068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2869     12.60%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8951     39.30%     51.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10956     48.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10208437     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192664      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1474      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1125783      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       657063      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12185421                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.458989                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22776                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45947426                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14543153                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11986205                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12208197                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35886                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224886                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           31                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21708                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          780                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       348173                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        176668                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10896                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12889198                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          361                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1231488                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       661569                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1880                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7988                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          162                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106275                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105883                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       212158                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12009132                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1058775                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       176289                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1715513                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1689756                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           656738                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.452349                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             11986423                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            11986205                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7009415                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        18316247                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.451485                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382688                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8957915                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     10980096                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1909187                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2975                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       187411                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21189895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16729828     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2161112     10.20%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       841459      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451895      2.13%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       339297      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189342      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117345      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104523      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       255094      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21189895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      8957915                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     10980096                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1646463                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1006602                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1576103                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         9893902                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       223047                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       255094                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           33824019                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          26126766                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                294958                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               5010319                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           8957915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            10980096                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      8957915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.963679                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.963679                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.337418                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.337418                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       54149941                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      16613870                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12044038                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         2972                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1795268                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1613423                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       142358                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1233793                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1203866                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101868                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4199                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19149228                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             10214441                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1795268                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1305734                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2281056                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        472663                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       801409                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          118                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1158152                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       139380                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     22561352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.504200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.732104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20280296     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         358553      1.59%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         169020      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         354526      1.57%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         102460      0.45%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         330657      1.47%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          48721      0.22%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          77137      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         839982      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     22561352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067622                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.384748                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       18923073                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1032272                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2276392                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1866                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       327745                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       160001                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         1795                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     11354794                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         4390                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       327745                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       18948771                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        751009                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       202681                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2251830                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        79312                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     11336289                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         8839                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        63792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     14782565                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     51260467                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     51260467                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     11943707                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2838848                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1443                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          734                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          170526                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      2113653                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       314272                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1866                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        71402                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         11278308                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1448                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        10548970                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6907                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2070770                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4241419                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22561352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.467568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.076471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17925876     79.45%     79.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1427089      6.33%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1598939      7.09%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       907984      4.02%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       451781      2.00%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       113298      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       130791      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3061      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2533      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22561352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16732     56.59%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7177     24.28%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5656     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8228690     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        78290      0.74%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          710      0.01%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1929984     18.30%     97.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       311296      2.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     10548970                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.397349                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29565                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002803                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43695764                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13350559                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10280942                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     10578535                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7876                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       434406                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7895                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       327745                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        650430                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9467                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11279767                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1363                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2113653                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       314272                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          733                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3820                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          267                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        96525                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53841                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       150366                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10420365                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1903170                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       128605                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2214437                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1590762                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           311267                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.392505                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             10283504                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            10280942                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6237998                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        13306756                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.387253                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.468784                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8219818                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      9194522                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2085730                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1431                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       141305                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22233606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18842033     84.75%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1311266      5.90%     90.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       864220      3.89%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       267330      1.20%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456957      2.06%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84831      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53373      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        48163      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305433      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22233606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      8219818                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      9194522                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1985622                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1679245                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               714                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1416893                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         8016220                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       109095                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       305433                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           33208399                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          22888554                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                433943                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               3987042                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           8219818                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             9194522                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      8219818                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.229803                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.229803                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.309616                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.309616                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       48542178                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      13332611                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12168538                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1430                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1788616                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1607757                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       142007                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1228945                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1200009                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101358                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4207                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19090315                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10179159                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1788616                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1301367                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2273157                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        471589                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       818695                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1658                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1154635                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       139033                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     22512650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.503490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.730935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20239493     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         357674      1.59%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         167993      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         353290      1.57%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         102440      0.46%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         329547      1.46%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          48460      0.22%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          76918      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         836835      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     22512650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067372                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.383419                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       18865971                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1049266                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2268497                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1872                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       327040                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       159162                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1784                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     11314243                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4371                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       327040                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       18891615                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        762713                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       208151                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2244017                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        79110                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     11295729                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         8801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        63653                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     14727031                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     51075757                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     51075757                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     11896121                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2830910                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1436                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          730                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          169530                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2108033                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       312674                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        71037                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         11237694                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1441                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        10508991                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6846                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2066414                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4236128                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22512650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.466804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.075603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17894344     79.49%     79.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1421527      6.31%     85.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1593447      7.08%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       904496      4.02%     96.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       450619      2.00%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112774      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129875      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3058      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2510      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22512650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16655     56.54%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7171     24.34%     80.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5631     19.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8196875     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77870      0.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          707      0.01%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1923870     18.31%     97.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       309669      2.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     10508991                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.395843                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29457                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002803                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43566935                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13305578                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10241540                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     10538448                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7635                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       434232                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7805                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       327040                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        662204                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9465                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11239145                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1362                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2108033                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       312674                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          729                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3828                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          268                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        96364                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53634                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       149998                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10380503                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1897072                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       128488                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2206709                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1584508                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           309637                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.391003                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             10244025                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            10241540                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6214362                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        13252117                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.385769                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.468934                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8188872                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      9158654                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2081005                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1426                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       140959                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22185610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.412820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18807798     84.77%     84.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1305450      5.88%     90.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       860989      3.88%     94.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       266055      1.20%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455443      2.05%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84461      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53139      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        48050      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304225      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22185610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8188872                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      9158654                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1978670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1673801                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1411440                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         7984605                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       108546                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       304225                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           33121018                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          22806631                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                432730                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               4035744                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8188872                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             9158654                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8188872                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.242009                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.242009                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.308451                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.308451                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       48358303                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      13279423                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12126544                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2051592                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1678512                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202051                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       839273                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         804513                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         210630                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9108                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19723493                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11472411                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2051592                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1015143                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2392144                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        553486                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      1097068                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles          709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1208628                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202138                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23562242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21170098     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         110688      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         176147      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         238786      1.01%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         246795      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         209471      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         116183      0.49%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         174345      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1119729      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23562242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077277                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.432132                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19521377                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1301905                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2387493                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2878                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       348586                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       337708                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14076312                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       348586                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19575168                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        187381                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       990015                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2337196                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       123893                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14070449                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        18209                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        53213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     19630779                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     65450872                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     65450872                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     16974811                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2655968                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3440                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          368919                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1318042                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       712437                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8442                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       229633                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14052768                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3454                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        13328278                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2017                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1582956                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3804211                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           86                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23562242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17878833     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2370511     10.06%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1191131      5.06%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871161      3.70%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688169      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       281605      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176464      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92407      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11961      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23562242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2773     12.37%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8616     38.44%     50.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11027     49.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11210959     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199148      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1668      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1206387      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710116      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     13328278                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.502037                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22416                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50243231                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15639241                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13127317                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13350694                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27385                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215281                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10917                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       348586                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        157065                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12661                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14056248                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          708                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1318042                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       712437                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1772                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10735                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116234                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114978                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       231212                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13143912                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1135261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184366                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1845310                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1867202                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           710049                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.495093                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13127448                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13127317                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7536499                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        20313930                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.494467                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371002                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9895439                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12175941                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1880317                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       204397                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23213656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18179662     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2514698     10.83%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931655      4.01%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445226      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398569      1.72%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216189      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174303      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85616      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       267738      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23213656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9895439                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12175941                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1804281                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1102761                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1755769                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10970306                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       250678                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       267738                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           37002098                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          28461116                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                300823                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2986152                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9895439                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12175941                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9895439                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.682892                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.682892                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.372732                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.372732                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       59148746                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      18287257                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13046355                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1770701                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1597305                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94419                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       655141                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         631352                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97195                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4164                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18767470                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11125185                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1770701                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       728547                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2199922                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        298294                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      2900544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1078378                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94637                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     24069461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.839468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21869539     90.86%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          78225      0.32%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         161099      0.67%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          67922      0.28%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         364485      1.51%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         326110      1.35%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          62552      0.26%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         131986      0.55%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1007543      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     24069461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.066697                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.419053                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       18564138                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      3105339                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2191571                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         7117                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       201290                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       155678                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          235                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13043745                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1442                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       201290                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       18590221                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2891686                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       124583                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2175708                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        85967                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13035720                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        43751                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        28989                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1600                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     15310957                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     61387140                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     61387140                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     13539055                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        1771895                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1562                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          815                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          197386                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      3072773                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      1553095                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14209                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        75289                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13008636                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1567                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12489239                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7341                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1030689                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2487637                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24069461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.518883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19579902     81.35%     81.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1372510      5.70%     87.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1109534      4.61%     91.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       479785      1.99%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       600482      2.49%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       564391      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       321419      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25595      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15843      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24069461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31324     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       238912     86.17%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7025      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7837699     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108963      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          747      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2993023     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1548807     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12489239                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.470433                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            277261                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022200                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49332541                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14041254                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12381241                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12766500                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22447                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       123070                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           50                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          363                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10796                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1104                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       201290                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2825147                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25195                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13010215                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          115                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3072773                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1553095                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          814                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15493                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          363                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54002                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56576                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       110578                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12401446                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2983527                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87793                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            4532167                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1625284                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          1548640                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.467126                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12381651                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12381241                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         6691079                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        13217547                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.466365                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.506227                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10050150                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11810154                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1201374                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1507                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        96271                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23868171                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.312326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19566564     81.98%     81.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1584805      6.64%     88.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       737441      3.09%     91.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       724622      3.04%     94.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       201565      0.84%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       827332      3.47%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        63483      0.27%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46089      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116270      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23868171                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10050150                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11810154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              4491997                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             2949700                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               752                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1559660                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10501837                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       114315                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       116270                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           36763403                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          26224391                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                403045                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2478933                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10050150                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11810154                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10050150                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.641592                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.641592                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.378560                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.378560                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       61300541                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      14382001                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      15523468                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1506                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               26548387                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2054424                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1680870                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202366                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       843075                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         806824                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211134                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9185                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19763440                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11489860                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2054424                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1017958                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2396405                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        554195                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1088581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1210949                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202466                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23598316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21201911     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         111028      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         176820      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         239312      1.01%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         247130      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         209267      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         117154      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         174685      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1121009      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23598316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077384                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.432789                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19560152                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1294572                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2391720                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2892                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       348977                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       338094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14098157                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       348977                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19614185                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        184756                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       984819                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2341203                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       124373                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14092397                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        18231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        53429                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19659502                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     65555198                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     65555198                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17003495                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2656007                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3445                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1772                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          370447                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1320587                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       713559                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8505                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       229999                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14074922                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3458                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13349574                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1586056                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3809013                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           86                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23598316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17905302     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2375555     10.07%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1192689      5.05%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871914      3.69%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       689413      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       282022      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176814      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92603      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12004      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23598316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2771     12.41%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8509     38.11%     50.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11049     49.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11228780     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199401      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1671      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1208496      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       711226      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13349574                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.502839                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22329                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50321793                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15664500                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13148464                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13371903                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27123                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215952                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10841                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       348977                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        154369                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12614                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14078406                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          788                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1320587                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713559                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1774                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10694                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116707                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114563                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       231270                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13165172                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1137250                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184402                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1848413                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1869808                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           711163                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.495893                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13148583                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13148464                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7548367                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20349102                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.495264                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.370943                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9912168                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12196561                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1881855                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       204715                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23249339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18206936     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2518909     10.83%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933197      4.01%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445694      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       399453      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216806      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174278      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85862      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268204      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23249339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9912168                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12196561                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1807353                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1104635                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1758752                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10988883                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       251106                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       268204                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37059473                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          28505822                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                301427                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2950071                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9912168                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12196561                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9912168                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.678363                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.678363                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.373362                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.373362                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       59246771                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18315753                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13066354                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2053068                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1679944                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202302                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       839977                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         805294                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211037                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9192                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19747670                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11481680                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2053068                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1016331                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2394419                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        554415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1083660                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1210161                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202398                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23575244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21180825     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         110931      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         176455      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         239063      1.01%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         246914      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         209471      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         115962      0.49%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         174843      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1120780      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23575244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077333                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.432481                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19544542                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1288779                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2389773                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2881                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       349266                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       337706                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          231                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14089042                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1350                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       349266                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19598190                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        180960                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       983598                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2339659                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       123568                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14083461                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        18147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        53088                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19649068                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     65513221                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     65513221                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     16987917                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2661060                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3427                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1755                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          368246                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1320043                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       712948                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8437                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       229489                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14066138                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3441                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13340249                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1992                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1587131                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3813718                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           69                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23575244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17886632     75.87%     75.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2373084     10.07%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1192167      5.06%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871654      3.70%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688649      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       281658      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176897      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92423      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12080      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23575244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2711     12.05%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8620     38.33%     50.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11160     49.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11220910     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199379      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1207659      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710631      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13340249                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.502488                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22491                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001686                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50280225                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15656774                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13138342                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13362740                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26732                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216408                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10849                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       349266                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        150717                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12660                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14069603                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          550                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1320043                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       712948                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1757                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10727                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116730                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114874                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       231604                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13154989                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1136257                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185260                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1846829                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1868454                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           710572                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.495510                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13138470                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13138342                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7543581                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20334305                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.494883                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.370978                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9903157                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12185419                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1884126                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       204647                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23225978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18187718     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2516775     10.84%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932505      4.01%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445595      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398866      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216751      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174291      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85932      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       267545      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23225978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9903157                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12185419                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1805720                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1103627                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1757118                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        10978882                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       250880                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       267545                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37027900                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          28488435                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                301189                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2973150                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9903157                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12185419                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9903157                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.680801                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.680801                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.373023                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.373023                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       59199149                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18303095                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13056917                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2054460                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1680893                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202371                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       843128                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         806999                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211172                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9175                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19765649                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11489898                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2054460                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1018171                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2396466                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        554097                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1085860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1211032                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202478                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23597079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21200613     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         111036      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         176870      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         239288      1.01%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         247145      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         209209      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         117307      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         174760      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1120851      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23597079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077385                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.432791                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19561738                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1291790                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2391797                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2877                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       348874                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       338102                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14098128                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       348874                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19615776                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        189051                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       977690                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2341264                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       124421                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14092403                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        18262                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        53427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     19659294                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     65555355                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     65555355                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17005128                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2654149                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3443                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          370376                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1320523                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       713619                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8519                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       230012                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14074941                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3456                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13350060                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2014                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1585106                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3806521                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23597079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17903775     75.87%     75.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2375886     10.07%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1192625      5.05%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871840      3.69%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       689460      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       282054      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176794      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92630      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12015      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23597079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2775     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8512     38.10%     50.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11052     49.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11229188     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199395      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1671      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1208523      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       711283      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13350060                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.502858                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22339                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50321550                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15663567                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13149062                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13372399                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27111                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215780                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10838                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       348874                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        158722                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12619                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14078423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1320523                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713619                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1772                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10695                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116752                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114498                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       231250                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13165789                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1137319                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1848539                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1869877                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           711220                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.495917                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13149183                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13149062                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7548425                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        20349602                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.495287                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.370937                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9913106                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12197737                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1880680                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       204720                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23248205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18205263     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2519206     10.84%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933328      4.01%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445637      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       399564      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216840      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174275      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85878      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268214      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23248205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9913106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12197737                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1807520                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1104739                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1758936                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10989949                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       251139                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       268214                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           37058330                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          28505738                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                301474                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2951315                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9913106                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12197737                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9913106                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.678111                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.678111                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.373398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.373398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       59249747                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18316433                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13066480                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         3738                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.932804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         151663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         5786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        26.212064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.286216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.884979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1272.398559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         758.363050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.006291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.621288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.370294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  3664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   3667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3666                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  3667                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                3735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 3738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                3738                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3609125901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3675992401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3029811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3029811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3612155712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     3679022212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3612155712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    3679022212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              7399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               7405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              7405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.504798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.504794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.504794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974386.042387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 984201.446051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1009937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1009937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974414.813056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 984222.100589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974414.813056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 984222.100589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                668                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     668                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            3738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           3738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3283880292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3348024992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2766411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2766411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3286646703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350791403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3286646703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350791403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886576.752700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896392.233467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       922137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       922137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886605.530888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896412.895399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886605.530888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896412.895399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          950                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.422074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         177767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        59.295197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.224566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    31.445454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   448.956047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1527.796007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.015354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.219217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.745994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  2839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   2857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2855                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  2857                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          913                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 950                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    119881636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    739287642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     859169278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    119881636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    739287642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      859169278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    119881636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    739287642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     859169278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              3789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               3807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              3807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.243467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.250726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.242304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.249540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.242304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.249540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3240044.216216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 809734.547645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 904388.713684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3240044.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 809734.547645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 904388.713684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3240044.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 809734.547645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 904388.713684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                491                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     491                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    116632430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    659113715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    775746145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    116632430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    659113715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    775746145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    116632430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    659113715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    775746145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.243467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.242304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.242304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3152227.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 721920.826944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816574.889474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3152227.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 721920.826944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816574.889474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3152227.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 721920.826944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816574.889474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         2034                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.839157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         114959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         4082                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        28.162420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.811977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    16.982147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   929.486207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1071.558826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.008292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.453851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.523222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3283                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3284                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                2035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 2035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2006                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                2035                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     37810708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1569496695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1607307403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     37810708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1569496695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1607307403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     37810708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1569496695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1607307403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              5313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               5319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              5319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.379708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.383023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.379278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.382591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.379278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.382591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1303817.517241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 782401.144068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 789831.647666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1303817.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 782401.144068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 789831.647666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1303817.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 782401.144068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 789831.647666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                294                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     294                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            2035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           2035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     35264508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1393457695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1428722203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     35264508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1393457695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1428722203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     35264508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1393457695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1428722203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.379708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.379278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.379278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1216017.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 694644.912762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702074.792629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1216017.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 694644.912762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702074.792629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1216017.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 694644.912762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702074.792629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         3769                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.933195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         151673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         5817                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        26.074093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.273507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.296738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1277.616950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         751.746000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.623836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.367063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3673                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3674                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                3766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 3769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3734                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                3769                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64004381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3527369295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3591373676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2055273                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2055273                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64004381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3529424568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     3593428949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64004381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3529424568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    3593428949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              7437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               7443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              7443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.504121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.506387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.504118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.506382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.504118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.506382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1828696.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 945421.949879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953630.822092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       685091                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       685091                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1828696.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 945212.792716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 953417.073229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1828696.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 945212.792716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 953417.073229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                671                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     671                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            3769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           3769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60930623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3199724819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3260655442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1791873                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1791873                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60930623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3201516692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3262447315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60930623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3201516692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3262447315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.504121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.504118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.504118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1740874.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 857605.151166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865813.978226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       597291                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       597291                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1740874.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 857396.007499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865600.242770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1740874.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 857396.007499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865600.242770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         3755                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.934378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         151669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         5803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        26.136309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.273653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.230667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1274.221722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         756.208336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.622179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.369242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1227                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1227                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3671                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3672                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                3752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 3755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3723                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                3755                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59977073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3576087716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3636064789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2773097                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2773097                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59977073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3578860813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     3638837886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59977073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3578860813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    3638837886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              7421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1227                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1227                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               7427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              7427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.503519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.505592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.503516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.505588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.503516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.505588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1874283.531250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 961313.902151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969100.423507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 924365.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 924365.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1874283.531250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 961284.129197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 969064.683356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1874283.531250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 961284.129197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 969064.683356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                671                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     671                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            3755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           3755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57167473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3249435162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3306602635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2509606                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2509606                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57167473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3251944768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3309112241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57167473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3251944768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3309112241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.503519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.505592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.503516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.505588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.503516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.505588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1786483.531250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 873504.075806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881290.680970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 836535.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836535.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1786483.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 873474.286328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881254.924368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1786483.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 873474.286328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881254.924368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1854                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.516752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         177508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        45.491543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          49.721722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.461449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   836.829190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1138.504391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.010968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.408608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.555910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1886                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                1886                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3374                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3375                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1820                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1854                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61044755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1528060225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1589104980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61044755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1528060225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1589104980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61044755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1528060225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1589104980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              5214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1886                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            1886                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               5229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              5229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.351419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.355581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.354561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.354561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1795433.970588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 839593.530220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857122.427184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1795433.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 839593.530220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 857122.427184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1795433.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 839593.530220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 857122.427184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               1073                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    1073                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58059555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1368264225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1426323780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58059555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1368264225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1426323780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58059555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1368264225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1426323780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.351419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1707633.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 751793.530220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769322.427184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1707633.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 751793.530220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769322.427184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1707633.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 751793.530220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769322.427184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          953                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.422709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         177772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         3001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        59.237587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.223426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    31.444798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   449.448852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1527.305633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.015354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.219457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.745755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  2843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            879                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 879                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   2861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2859                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  2861                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          916                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 953                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    108795090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    739371346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     848166436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    108795090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    739371346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      848166436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    108795090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    739371346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     848166436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              3796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          879                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             879                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               3814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              3814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.243812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.251054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.242649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.249869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.242649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.249869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2940407.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 807173.958515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889996.260231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2940407.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 807173.958515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 889996.260231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2940407.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 807173.958515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 889996.260231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                494                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     494                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105545496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    658914367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    764459863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105545496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    658914367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    764459863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105545496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    658914367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    764459863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.243812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.242649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.242649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2852580.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 719338.828603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 802161.451207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2852580.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 719338.828603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 802161.451207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2852580.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 719338.828603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 802161.451207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         3002                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.616819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         117674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         5048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        23.311014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.790979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    21.964708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   873.892759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1138.968373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.010725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.426705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.556137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            811                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 811                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3580                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3581                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                2997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 3002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2967                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                3002                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     54505528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2707169146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2761674674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7387453                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7387453                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     54505528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2714556599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     2769062127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     54505528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2714556599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    2769062127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              6568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          811                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             811                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               6583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              6583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.456303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.456023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.456023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1557300.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 913966.625928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921479.704371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1477490.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1477490.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1557300.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 914916.278733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 922405.771819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1557300.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 914916.278733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 922405.771819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                456                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     456                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            3002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           3002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     51432528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2447053229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2498485757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6948453                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6948453                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     51432528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2454001682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2505434210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     51432528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2454001682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2505434210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1469500.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 826148.963201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833662.247915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1389690.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1389690.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1469500.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 827098.645770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834588.344437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1469500.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 827098.645770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834588.344437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         2989                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.621703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         117672                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         5035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        23.370804                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.801079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    22.722908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   874.644053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1137.453664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.011095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.427072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.555397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3577                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3578                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                2984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 2989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2952                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                2989                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62479813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2705865735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2768345548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6387917                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6387917                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62479813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2712253652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     2774733465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62479813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2712253652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    2774733465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              6552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               6567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              6567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.455155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.455155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1688643.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 918176.360706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 927729.741287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1277583.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1277583.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1688643.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 918785.112466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 928314.976581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1688643.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 918785.112466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 928314.976581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                459                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     459                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            2989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           2989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59231127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2447099607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2506330734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5948917                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5948917                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59231127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2453048524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2512279651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59231127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2453048524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2512279651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1600841.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 830369.734306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839923.168231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1189783.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1189783.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1600841.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 830978.497290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840508.414520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1600841.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 830978.497290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840508.414520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         2040                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.814886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         114957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         4088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        28.120597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.812168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    19.961993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   931.122926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1066.917799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.009747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.454650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.520956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            585                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 585                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3283                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3284                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                2040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 2040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2007                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                2040                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77579436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1530399006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1607978442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77579436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1530399006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1607978442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77579436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1530399006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1607978442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              5318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          585                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             585                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               5324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              5324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.379826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.383603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.379395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.383171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.379395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.383171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2350892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 762530.645740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 788224.726471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2350892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 762530.645740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 788224.726471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2350892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 762530.645740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 788224.726471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                291                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     291                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            2040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           2040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74669286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1353107145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1427776431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74669286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1353107145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1427776431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74669286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1353107145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1427776431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.379826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.379395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.379395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2262705.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 674193.893871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699890.407353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2262705.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 674193.893871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699890.407353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2262705.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 674193.893871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699890.407353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         2035                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.805810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         114954                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         4083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        28.154298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.803090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    19.975182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   928.649318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1069.378220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.009754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.453442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.522157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3278                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3279                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                2035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 2035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                2035                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79260580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1565349698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1644610278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79260580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1565349698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1644610278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79260580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1565349698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1644610278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              5308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               5314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              5314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.383384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.382951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.382951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2401835.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781892.956044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 808162.298771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2401835.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781892.956044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 808162.298771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2401835.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781892.956044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 808162.298771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                291                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     291                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            2035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           2035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76363180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1389574098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1465937278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76363180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1389574098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1465937278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76363180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1389574098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1465937278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2314035.757576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 694092.956044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720362.298771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2314035.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 694092.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720362.298771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2314035.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 694092.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720362.298771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1251                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.424239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         154517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3297                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        46.865939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.099106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    30.494706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   583.467772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1406.362655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.014890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.284896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.686701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  2924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   2942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2940                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  2942                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1210                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1251                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     89959564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    994491291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1084450855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     89959564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    994491291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1084450855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     89959564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    994491291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1084450855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              4175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               4193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              4193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2194135.707317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 821893.628926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 866867.190248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2194135.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 821893.628926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 866867.190248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2194135.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 821893.628926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 866867.190248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86358515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    887051098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    973409613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86358515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    887051098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    973409613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86358515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    887051098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    973409613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2106305.243902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 733706.449959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778727.690400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2106305.243902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 733706.449959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778727.690400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2106305.243902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 733706.449959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778727.690400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         3773                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.932975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         151672                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         5821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        26.056004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.284369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.061625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1279.648072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         750.938909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.006378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.624828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.366669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                1229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3672                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3673                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3738                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                3770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 3773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3741                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                3773                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55646469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3551733168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3607379637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4309521                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4309521                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55646469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3556042689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     3611689158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55646469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3556042689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    3611689158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              7440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            1229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               7446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              7446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.504658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.506720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.504654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.506715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.504654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.506715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1738952.156250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 950169.386838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 956864.625199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1436507                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1436507                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1738952.156250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 950559.392943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       957246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1738952.156250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 950559.392943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       957246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                669                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     669                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            3773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           3773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     52836869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3223517936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3276354805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4046121                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4046121                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     52836869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3227564057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3280400926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     52836869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3227564057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3280400926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.504658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.504654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.504654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1651152.156250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 862364.348850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869059.629973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1348707                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1348707                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1651152.156250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 862754.358995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869441.008746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1651152.156250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 862754.358995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869441.008746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         1253                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.421611                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         154525                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        46.839952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.096423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.435939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   584.824206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1405.065043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.014861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.285559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.686067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  2932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   2950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2948                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  2950                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 1253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1212                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                1253                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94258305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    973633427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1067891732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94258305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    973633427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1067891732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94258305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    973633427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1067891732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              4185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               4203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              4203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2298983.048780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 803327.910066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 852267.942538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2298983.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 803327.910066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 852267.942538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2298983.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 803327.910066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 852267.942538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90658505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    866690642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    957349147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90658505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    866690642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    957349147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90658505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    866690642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    957349147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2211183.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 715681.785301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764655.868211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2211183.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 715681.785301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764655.868211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2211183.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 715681.785301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764655.868211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1249                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.423341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         154524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         3295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        46.896510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.098781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    30.001186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   585.068237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1405.255137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.014649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.285678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.686160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  2931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   2949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2947                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  2949                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1210                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1248                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65353865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    984653266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1050007131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65353865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    984653266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1050007131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65353865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    984653266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1050007131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              4179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               4197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              4197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.292341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.298636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.291075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.297355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.291075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.297355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1719838.552632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 813763.029752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 841351.867788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1719838.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 813763.029752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 841351.867788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1719838.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 813763.029752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 841351.867788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62017465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    878146055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    940163520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62017465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    878146055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    940163520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62017465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    878146055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    940163520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.292100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.290835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.290835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1632038.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 726340.822994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 753940.272654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1632038.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 726340.822994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 753940.272654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1632038.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 726340.822994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 753940.272654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         1253                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.422935                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         154525                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        46.839952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.096732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    30.434926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   584.700129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1405.191148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.014861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.285498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.686128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  2932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   2950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2948                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  2950                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 1253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1212                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                1253                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79225771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    970741330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1049967101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79225771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    970741330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1049967101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79225771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    970741330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1049967101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              4185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               4203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              4203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.292612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1932335.878049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 800941.691419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 837962.570630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1932335.878049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 800941.691419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 837962.570630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1932335.878049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 800941.691419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 837962.570630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75625310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    863792496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    939417806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75625310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    863792496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    939417806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75625310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    863792496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    939417806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.292371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1844519.756098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 713288.601156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750333.710863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1844519.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 713288.601156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750333.710863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1844519.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 713288.601156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750333.710863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              569.844900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001082147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1741012.429565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.116107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.728793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.045058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.868155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1074257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1074257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1074257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7373                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              393103132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             51527.478306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   110.851192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   145.148808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.433012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.566988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2799577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2799577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        4332355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       4332355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        27231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        27231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14692402021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14692402021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9990557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9990557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14702392578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14702392578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14702392578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14702392578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2826790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2826790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4359586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4359586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539903.796752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 539903.796752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 555030.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 555030.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539913.795968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 539913.795968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539913.795968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 539913.795968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3889320163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3889320163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3247011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3247011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3892567174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3892567174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3892567174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3892567174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527938.124474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527938.124474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 541168.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 541168.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527948.891089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527948.891089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527948.891089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527948.891089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              490.322270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              974825229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1973330.423077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    35.322270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.056606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1241668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1241668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1241668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1241668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1241668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    174874744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    174874744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    174874744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    174874744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    174874744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    174874744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1241723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1241723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1241723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3179540.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3179540.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3179540.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3179540.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3179540.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3179540.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2400457                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 480091.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    120322355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120322355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    120322355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120322355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    120322355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120322355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3085188.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3085188.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3085188.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3085188.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3085188.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3085188.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 3768                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              144468739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             35901.774105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   220.615633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    35.384367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.861780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.138220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       988423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        988423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       732680                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       732680                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1721103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1721103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1721103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1721103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         9732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         9732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2197638404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2197638404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8176938                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8176938                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2205815342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2205815342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2205815342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2205815342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       998046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       732789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       732789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1730835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1730835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1730835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1730835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 228373.522186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228373.522186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 75017.779817                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75017.779817                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 226655.912659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226655.912659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 226655.912659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226655.912659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7148                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         7148                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5964                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5964                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    931615788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    931615788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1295330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1295330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    932911118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    932911118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    932911118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    932911118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 248430.876800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248430.876800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 71962.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71962.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 247587.876327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247587.876327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 247587.876327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247587.876327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              549.095088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              888970452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1595997.220826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.781906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.313182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.036509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1154605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1154605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1154605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1154605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1154605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1154605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44035780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44035780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44035780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     44035780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44035780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     44035780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1154645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1154645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1154645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1154645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1154645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1154645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1100894.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1100894.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1100894.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1100894.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1100894.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1100894.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     38140807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38140807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     38140807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38140807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     38140807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38140807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1271360.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1271360.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1271360.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1271360.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1271360.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1271360.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              199459446                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             35977.533550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   184.535152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    71.464848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.720840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.279160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1743533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1743533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       303331                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       303331                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2046864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2046864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2046864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2046864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        19444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        19444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9122631240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9122631240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2155827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2155827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9124787067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9124787067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9124787067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9124787067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1762951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1762951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       303357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       303357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2066308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2066308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2066308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2066308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 469802.824184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 469802.824184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 82916.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82916.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 469285.489971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 469285.489971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 469285.489971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 469285.489971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1800685004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1800685004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1801069604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1801069604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1801069604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1801069604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340845.164490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340845.164490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340531.216487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340531.216487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340531.216487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340531.216487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              571.982460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1001086343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1728991.956822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.257692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.724768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.048490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.868149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1078453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1078453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1078453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1078453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1078453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1078453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     85075685                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85075685                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     85075685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85075685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     85075685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85075685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1078507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1078507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1078507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1078507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1078507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1078507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1575475.648148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1575475.648148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1575475.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1575475.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1575475.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1575475.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64375414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64375414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64375414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64375414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64375414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64375414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1788205.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1788205.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1788205.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1788205.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1788205.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1788205.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 7405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              393125688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 7661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             51315.192273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   110.850881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   145.149119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.433011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.566989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2814132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2814132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1540789                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1540789                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          788                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          788                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4354921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        4354921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4354921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       4354921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        27339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        27339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14363748666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14363748666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7425184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7425184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14371173850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14371173850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14371173850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14371173850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2841453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2841453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1540807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1540807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          788                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          788                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4382260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4382260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4382260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4382260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 525740.224223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 525740.224223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 412510.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 412510.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 525665.673580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 525665.673580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 525665.673580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 525665.673580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3808174470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3808174470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2272473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2272473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3810446943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3810446943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3810446943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3810446943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 514548.638022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514548.638022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 378745.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 378745.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 514438.631430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514438.631430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 514438.631430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514438.631430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              570.705911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1001084564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1737994.034722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    28.558866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   542.147044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.045767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.868825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1076674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1076674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1076674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1076674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1076674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1076674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     92677842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92677842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     92677842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92677842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     92677842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92677842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1076722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1076722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1076722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1076722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1076722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1076722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1930788.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1930788.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1930788.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1930788.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1930788.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1930788.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60316168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60316168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60316168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60316168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60316168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60316168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1827762.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1827762.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1827762.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1827762.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1827762.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1827762.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 7394                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              393120508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 7650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             51388.301699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   110.863574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   145.136426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.433061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.566939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2810575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2810575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1539164                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1539164                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4349739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4349739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4349739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4349739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        27356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        27356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14577398389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14577398389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10230539                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10230539                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14587628928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14587628928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14587628928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14587628928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2837913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2837913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1539182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1539182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4377095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4377095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4377095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4377095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 533228.414259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 533228.414259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 568363.277778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 568363.277778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 533251.532680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 533251.532680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 533251.532680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 533251.532680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1227                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1227                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19962                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19962                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3856744224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3856744224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2990297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2990297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3859734521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3859734521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3859734521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3859734521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 522028.184082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 522028.184082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 498382.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 498382.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 522008.996619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 522008.996619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 522008.996619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 522008.996619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              512.712316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              972824930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1881672.978723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    30.712316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.049218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1145589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1145589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1145589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1145589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1145589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1145589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91387486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91387486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91387486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91387486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91387486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91387486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1145639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1145639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1145639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1145639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1145639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1145639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1827749.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1827749.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1827749.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1827749.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1827749.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1827749.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61399143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61399143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61399143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61399143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61399143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61399143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1754261.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1754261.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1754261.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1754261.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1754261.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1754261.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5194                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              153886283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             28236.015229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   226.738473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    29.261527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.885697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.114303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       806068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        806068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       681083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       681083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1567                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1567                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1487151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1487151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1487151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1487151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          530                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          530                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        18491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18491                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        18491                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7585895888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7585895888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    350645708                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    350645708                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7936541596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7936541596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7936541596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7936541596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       824029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       824029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       681613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       681613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1567                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1567                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1505642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1505642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1505642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1505642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000778                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000778                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 422353.760258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422353.760258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 661595.675472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 661595.675472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 429211.053810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429211.053810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 429211.053810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429211.053810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1987247                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 397449.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1886                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1886                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          515                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1763895720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1763895720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       970717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       970717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1764866437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1764866437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1764866437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1764866437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 340586.159490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340586.159490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64714.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64714.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 339789.456488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339789.456488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 339789.456488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339789.456488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              490.329281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              974825960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1973331.902834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    35.329281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.056617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1242399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1242399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1242399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1242399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1242399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    164438234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    164438234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    164438234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    164438234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    164438234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    164438234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1242453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1242453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1242453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3045152.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3045152.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3045152.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3045152.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3045152.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3045152.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1775822                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 355164.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    109272945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109272945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    109272945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109272945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    109272945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109272945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2801870.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2801870.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2801870.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2801870.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2801870.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2801870.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 3775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              144469754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4031                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             35839.680972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   220.643174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    35.356826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.861887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.138113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       989001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        989001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       733113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       733113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1722114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1722114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1722114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1722114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         9747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         9747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2191432592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2191432592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8216029                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8216029                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2199648621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2199648621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2199648621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2199648621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       998639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       733222                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       733222                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1731861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1731861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1731861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1731861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 227374.205437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227374.205437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 75376.412844                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75376.412844                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 225674.425054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225674.425054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 225674.425054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225674.425054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        35359                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 17679.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    932005259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    932005259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1296594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1296594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    933301853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    933301853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    933301853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    933301853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 248071.668619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248071.668619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        72033                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        72033                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 247232.278940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247232.278940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 247232.278940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247232.278940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              519.504930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              977219926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1857832.558935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    29.504930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.047284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1116411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1116411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1116411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1116411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1116411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1116411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80864894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80864894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80864894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80864894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80864894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80864894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1116465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1116465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1116465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1116465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1116465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1116465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1497498.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1497498.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1497498.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1497498.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1497498.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1497498.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     54862943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54862943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     54862943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54862943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     54862943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54862943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1523970.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1523970.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1523970.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1523970.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1523970.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1523970.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 6547                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              162726083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 6803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             23919.753491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   228.024220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    27.975780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.890720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.109280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       772731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        772731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       638387                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       638387                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1490                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1490                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1411118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1411118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1411118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1411118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        17288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        17288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7593648521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7593648521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     68643212                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68643212                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7662291733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7662291733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7662291733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7662291733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       789927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       789927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       638479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       638479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1490                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1490                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1428406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1428406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1428406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1428406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 441593.889335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441593.889335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 746121.869565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 746121.869565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 443214.468591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443214.468591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 443214.468591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443214.468591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          811                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             811                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10741                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10741                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2966115736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2966115736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8074169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8074169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2974189905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2974189905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2974189905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2974189905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 454089.977955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454089.977955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 538277.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 538277.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 454282.863143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454282.863143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 454282.863143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454282.863143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              520.621341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              977216974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1850789.723485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.621341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.049073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1113459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1113459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1113459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1113459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1113459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1113459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92146888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92146888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92146888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92146888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92146888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92146888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1113515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1113515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1113515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1113515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1113515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1113515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1645480.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1645480.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1645480.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1645480.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1645480.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1645480.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62860583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62860583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62860583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62860583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62860583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62860583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1654225.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1654225.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1654225.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1654225.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1654225.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1654225.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 6529                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              162722280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 6785                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             23982.649963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   228.033489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    27.966511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.890756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.109244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       770566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        770566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       636764                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       636764                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1407330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1407330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1407330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1407330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        17221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        17221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7676356274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7676356274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     59695494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     59695494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7736051768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7736051768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7736051768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7736051768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       787695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       787695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       636856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       636856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1424551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1424551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1424551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1424551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 448149.703660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448149.703660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 648864.065217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 648864.065217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 449221.982928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449221.982928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 449221.982928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449221.982928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2964544133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2964544133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7075550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7075550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2971619683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2971619683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2971619683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2971619683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 455103.489868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455103.489868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 471703.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 471703.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 455141.627049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455141.627049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 455141.627049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455141.627049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              552.315899                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              888973954                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1584623.803922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    26.004286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.311614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.041674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.843448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1158107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1158107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1158107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1158107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1158107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    106765625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106765625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    106765625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106765625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    106765625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106765625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1158152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1158152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1158152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1158152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1158152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1158152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2372569.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2372569.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2372569.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2372569.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2372569.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2372569.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        62900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        62900                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77919298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77919298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77919298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77919298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77919298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77919298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2291744.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2291744.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2291744.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2291744.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2291744.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2291744.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5290                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              199465612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35965.671114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   184.538776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    71.461224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.720855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.279145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1748117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1748117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       304908                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       304908                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          722                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          722                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          715                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          715                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2053025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2053025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2053025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2053025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9000328291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9000328291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2205241                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2205241                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9002533532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9002533532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9002533532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9002533532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1767513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1767513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       304934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       304934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          722                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          722                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          715                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          715                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2072447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2072447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2072447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2072447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 464030.124304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 464030.124304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 84816.961538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84816.961538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 463522.476161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 463522.476161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 463522.476161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 463522.476161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          585                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             585                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1761730358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1761730358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1762114958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1762114958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1762114958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1762114958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 333408.470477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333408.470477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 333103.016635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333103.016635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 333103.016635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333103.016635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              552.035628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              888970438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1584617.536542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    25.975486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.060142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.041627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1154591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1154591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1154591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1154591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1154591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1154591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    104745174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104745174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    104745174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104745174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    104745174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104745174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1154635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1154635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1154635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1154635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1154635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1154635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2380572.136364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2380572.136364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2380572.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2380572.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2380572.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2380572.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       704906                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       704906                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79600428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79600428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79600428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79600428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79600428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79600428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2341189.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2341189.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2341189.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2341189.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2341189.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2341189.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              199458977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5536                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             36029.439487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   184.525687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    71.474313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.720803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.279197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1742993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1742993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       303406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       303406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          712                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          712                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2046399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2046399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2046399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2046399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        19344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        19344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9102211673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9102211673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2206914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2206914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9104418587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9104418587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9104418587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9104418587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1762311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1762311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       303432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       303432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          712                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          712                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2065743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2065743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2065743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2065743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 471177.744746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 471177.744746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84881.307692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84881.307692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 470658.529105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 470658.529105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 470658.529105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 470658.529105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14064                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14064                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1796177439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1796177439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1796562039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1796562039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1796562039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1796562039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 340572.134812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340572.134812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 340257.961932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340257.961932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 340257.961932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340257.961932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              510.457984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              971658938                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1875789.455598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    35.457984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.056824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1208576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1208576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1208576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1208576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1208576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1208576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97439433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97439433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97439433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97439433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97439433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97439433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1208627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1208627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1208627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1208627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1208627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1208627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1910577.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1910577.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1910577.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1910577.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1910577.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1910577.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       305907                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       305907                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90441603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90441603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90441603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90441603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90441603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90441603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2103293.093023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2103293.093023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2103293.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2103293.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2103293.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2103293.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4150                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              148142772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             33622.962324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   223.733931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    32.266069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.873961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.126039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       829851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        829851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       698174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       698174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1528025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1528025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1528025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1528025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        13238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        13238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4491227758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4491227758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8491569                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8491569                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4499719327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4499719327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4499719327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4499719327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       842985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       842985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       698278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       698278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1541263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1541263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1541263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1541263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 341954.298614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341954.298614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 81649.701923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81649.701923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 339909.301027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 339909.301027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 339909.301027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 339909.301027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9088                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9088                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1194891238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1194891238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1158021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1196049259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1196049259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1196049259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1196049259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 289179.873669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289179.873669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64334.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64334.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 288204.640723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288204.640723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 288204.640723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288204.640723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              571.113288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001086214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1737996.899306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    28.966331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   542.146957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.046420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.868825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1078324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1078324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1078324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1078324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1078324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1078324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81003973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81003973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81003973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81003973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81003973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81003973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1078378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1078378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1078378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1078378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1078378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1078378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1500073.574074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1500073.574074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1500073.574074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1500073.574074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1500073.574074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1500073.574074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55977940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55977940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55977940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55977940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55977940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55977940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1696301.212121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1696301.212121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1696301.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1696301.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1696301.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1696301.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7413                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              393125549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 7669                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             51261.644152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   110.846274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   145.153726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.432993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.567007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2814019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2814019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1540752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1540752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4354771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        4354771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4354771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       4354771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        27377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        27377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14461369785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14461369785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     13829149                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     13829149                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14475198934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14475198934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14475198934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14475198934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2841378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2841378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1540770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1540770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4382148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4382148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4382148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4382148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 528578.156548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 528578.156548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 768286.055556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 768286.055556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 528735.761186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 528735.761186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 528735.761186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 528735.761186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19964                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19964                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3832748426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3832748426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4526721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4526721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3837275147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3837275147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3837275147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3837275147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 517449.497232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 517449.497232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 754453.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754453.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 517641.325644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 517641.325644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 517641.325644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 517641.325644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              510.478240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              971661260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1875793.938224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    35.478240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.056856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1210898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1210898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1210898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1210898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1210898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106379689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106379689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106379689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106379689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106379689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106379689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1210948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1210948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1210948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2127593.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2127593.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2127593.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2127593.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2127593.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2127593.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289948                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289948                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94759015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94759015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94759015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94759015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94759015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94759015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2203698.023256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203698.023256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2203698.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203698.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2203698.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203698.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              148145742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             33547.495924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   223.801689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    32.198311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.874225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.125775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       831623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        831623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       699368                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       699368                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1530991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1530991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1530991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1530991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        13275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        13275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4438382387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4438382387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8675131                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8675131                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4447057518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4447057518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4447057518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4447057518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       844794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       844794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       699472                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       699472                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1544266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1544266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1544266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1544266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 336981.427910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336981.427910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 83414.721154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83414.721154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334994.916610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334994.916610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334994.916610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334994.916610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9115                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9115                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1174615516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1174615516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1158915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1175774431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1175774431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1175774431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1175774431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 283586.556253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283586.556253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64384.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64384.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 282638.084375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282638.084375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 282638.084375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282638.084375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              509.991040                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              971660475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1886719.368932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    34.991040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.056075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1210113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1210113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1210113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1210113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1210113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74718998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74718998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74718998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74718998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74718998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74718998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1210161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1210161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1210161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1556645.791667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1556645.791667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1556645.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1556645.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1556645.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1556645.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65811238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65811238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65811238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65811238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65811238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65811238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1645280.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1645280.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1645280.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1645280.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1645280.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1645280.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4156                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              148144822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             33577.702176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   223.802333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    32.197667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.874228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.125772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       831340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        831340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       698744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       698744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1737                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1737                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1530084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1530084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1530084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1530084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        13231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        13231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4429526886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4429526886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8655001                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8655001                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4438181887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4438181887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4438181887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4438181887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       844467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       844467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       698848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       698848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1737                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1737                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1543315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1543315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1543315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1543315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337436.343871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337436.343871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 83221.163462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83221.163462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 335438.129166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335438.129166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 335438.129166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335438.129166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1185484146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1185484146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1158938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1186643084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1186643084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1186643084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1186643084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 286418.010631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286418.010631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64385.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64385.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 285456.599471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285456.599471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 285456.599471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285456.599471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              510.474714                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              971661344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1875794.100386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    35.474714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.056851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1210982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1210982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1210982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1210982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1210982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     90899288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90899288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     90899288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90899288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     90899288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90899288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1211032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1211032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1211032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1211032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1211032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1211032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1817985.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1817985.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1817985.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1817985.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1817985.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1817985.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79707622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79707622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79707622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79707622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79707622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79707622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1853665.627907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1853665.627907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1853665.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1853665.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1853665.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1853665.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148145873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             33547.525589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   223.768341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    32.231659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.874095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.125905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       831693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        831693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       699431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       699431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1531124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1531124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1531124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1531124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        13267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        13267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4412815362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4412815362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8669877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8669877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4421485239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4421485239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4421485239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4421485239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       844856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       844856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       699535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       699535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1544391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1544391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1544391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1544391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 335243.892882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335243.892882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 83364.201923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83364.201923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 333269.408231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333269.408231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 333269.408231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333269.408231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1171727234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1171727234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1157991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1157991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1172885225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172885225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1172885225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172885225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 282889.240464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282889.240464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64332.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64332.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 281943.563702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281943.563702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 281943.563702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281943.563702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
