
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001031                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1030982460                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398759333715                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 303571                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   391967                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  26449                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67610236                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 38980.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11833424749                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15279131075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        13184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        71168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        17792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        48512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        18432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        48128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        73088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        20352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        17152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        72320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        24320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        47872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        13824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        24576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               583552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           38272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       252800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            252800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1975                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1975                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3352142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     12787802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1613994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     69029302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3352142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17257326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3352142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13160263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1738148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     47054147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3352142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17878093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1738148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     46681687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1613994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     70891604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1862301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     19740394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3352142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     16636558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1613994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     70146683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1613994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23589150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1862301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20361161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1738148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     46433380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3352142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13408570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1613994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     23837457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               566015449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3352142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1613994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3352142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3352142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1738148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3352142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1738148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1613994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1862301                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3352142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1613994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1613994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1862301                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1738148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3352142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1613994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           37121873                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         245203008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              245203008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         245203008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3352142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     12787802                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1613994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     69029302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3352142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17257326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3352142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13160263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1738148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     47054147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3352142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17878093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1738148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     46681687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1613994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     70891604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1862301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     19740394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3352142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     16636558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1613994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     70146683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1613994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23589150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1862301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20361161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1738148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     46433380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3352142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13408570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1613994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     23837457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              811218457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2472381                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         224642                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187022                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21834                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84644                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79889                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23748                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          986                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1943490                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1232004                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            224642                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       103637                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              256046                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61619                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        59672                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          122046                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20764                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2298787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2042741     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          15532      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          19775      0.86%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31367      1.36%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          12590      0.55%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          16811      0.73%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          19431      0.85%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7           9052      0.39%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         131488      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2298787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090861                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.498307                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1932151                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        72389                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          254756                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          126                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39359                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34029                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          221                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1504889                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1290                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39359                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1934580                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles          5453                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        61147                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          252427                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         5816                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1494803                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents          698                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4098                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2088631                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6946983                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6946983                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1718824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         369779                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           21162                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       141424                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72350                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          792                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15971                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457907                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388593                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1837                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194822                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       412421                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2298787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1711879     74.47%     74.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266357     11.59%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110091      4.79%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61562      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82795      3.60%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26059      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25523      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13413      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1108      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2298787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9732     78.91%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1345     10.91%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1256     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169686     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18807      1.35%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127960      9.22%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71970      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388593                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.561642                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12333                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008882                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5090143                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1653107                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350537                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1400926                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          976                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29716                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1443                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39359                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles          4124                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles          518                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1458266                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1054                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141424                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72350                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          441                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12153                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12704                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        24857                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363323                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125362                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25270                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             197293                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         192354                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71931                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.551421                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350572                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350537                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          809010                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2173007                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.546250                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372300                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       226153                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21805                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2259428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1737422     76.90%     76.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       265017     11.73%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95807      4.24%     92.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47708      2.11%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43728      1.94%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18492      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18182      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8690      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24382      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2259428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1232105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           178645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1109201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        24382                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3693291                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2955892                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 30846                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                173594                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1232105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.472369                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.472369                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.404470                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.404470                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6131510                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1889281                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1390402                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2472381                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         193023                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157447                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20375                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80792                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73405                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19340                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          914                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1870160                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1141980                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            193023                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        92745                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              234427                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         63590                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        60903                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          116780                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20418                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2207972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1973545     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          12437      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          19682      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          29640      1.34%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          12192      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          14507      0.66%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          15201      0.69%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          10656      0.48%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         120112      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2207972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.078072                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461895                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1846941                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        84792                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          232776                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1296                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        42166                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        31298                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          319                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1384806                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        42166                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1851675                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         39888                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        30942                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          229468                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        13830                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1381644                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2480                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         7085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          854                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1891544                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6440020                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6440020                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1560576                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         330968                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          301                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          159                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           41570                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       139991                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        77415                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3833                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        14886                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1376650                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          301                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1285820                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2048                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       210490                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       483794                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2207972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1660833     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221387     10.03%     85.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122831      5.56%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80680      3.65%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73477      3.33%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22914      1.04%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16427      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5693      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3730      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2207972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           381     12.02%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1296     40.87%     52.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1494     47.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1058809     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23640      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          142      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127434      9.91%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75795      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1285820                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.520074                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3171                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002466                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4784831                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1587503                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1261652                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1288991                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5927                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29573                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5130                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1026                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        42166                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         29183                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1626                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1376951                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          564                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139991                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77415                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          159                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          924                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11004                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12587                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        23591                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1266564                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120507                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19256                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             196153                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         171776                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            75646                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.512285                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1261779                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1261652                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          747550                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1895264                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.510298                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.394431                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       934897                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1140038                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238090                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        20744                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2165806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1703911     78.67%     78.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       219876     10.15%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91231      4.21%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46939      2.17%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34705      1.60%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20037      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12300      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10378      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26429      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2165806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       934897                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1140038                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               182703                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              110418                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               142                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           158296                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1030706                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        22228                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        26429                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3517505                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2798427                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 33232                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                264409                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            934897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1140038                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       934897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.644549                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.644549                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.378136                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.378136                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5748224                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1725379                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1311610                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2472379                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         203652                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166584                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21632                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81606                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77447                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20608                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          989                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1953558                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1138953                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            203652                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        98055                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              236100                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         59736                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        46415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          121081                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21496                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2273929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2037829     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          10970      0.48%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          16868      0.74%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          22875      1.01%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          24194      1.06%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          20633      0.91%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          11007      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          17385      0.76%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         112168      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2273929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082371                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.460671                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1933871                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        66555                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          235504                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          374                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        37621                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        33373                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1395114                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1289                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        37621                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1939587                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         14169                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        39852                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          230188                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        12508                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1394021                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1628                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5511                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1947540                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6479510                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6479510                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1659589                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         287951                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          336                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           39533                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       131009                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        69766                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          859                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        33359                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1391543                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          337                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1313183                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          267                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       168943                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       408247                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2273929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1706192     75.03%     75.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       243005     10.69%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120902      5.32%     91.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82478      3.63%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65672      2.89%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27401      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17956      0.79%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9073      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1250      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2273929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           291     12.38%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          870     37.02%     49.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1189     50.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1105195     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19496      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118835      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69494      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1313183                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531141                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2350                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001790                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4902912                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1560839                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1291390                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1315533                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2870                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23166                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1182                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        37621                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         11285                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1198                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1391885                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131009                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69766                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1011                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11654                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12849                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        24503                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1293398                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111838                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19785                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             181315                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         183524                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            69477                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.523139                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1291456                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1291390                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          742604                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1999859                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.522327                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371328                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       967248                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1190200                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       201695                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          329                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        21678                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2236308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.359907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1736812     77.66%     77.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253237     11.32%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90394      4.04%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42986      1.92%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43537      1.95%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21552      0.96%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14340      0.64%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8331      0.37%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25119      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2236308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       967248                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1190200                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               176427                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              107843                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           171619                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1072356                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        24505                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        25119                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3603071                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2821421                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 31343                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                198450                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            967248                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1190200                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       967248                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.556096                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.556096                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.391222                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.391222                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5818611                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1801279                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1293398                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2472381                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         224867                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187161                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21870                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84827                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80019                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23729                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          998                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1943759                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1233082                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            224867                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       103748                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              256297                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         61745                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        60422                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          122100                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20795                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2300147                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2043850     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          15552      0.68%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          19791      0.86%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          31356      1.36%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          12649      0.55%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          16736      0.73%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          19540      0.85%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           9184      0.40%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         131489      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2300147                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090952                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.498743                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1932417                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        73169                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          254984                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          121                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        39450                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        34116                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1506198                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1286                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        39450                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1934825                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles          5458                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        61933                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          252674                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         5802                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1496030                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents          697                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4096                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2090100                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6952224                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6952224                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1718948                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         371152                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           21090                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       141534                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        72442                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          770                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        16044                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1459025                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1389267                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1802                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195074                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       413855                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2300147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1712964     74.47%     74.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266226     11.57%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110402      4.80%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61693      2.68%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82736      3.60%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26154      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25470      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13392      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1110      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2300147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9691     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1354     11.01%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1255     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1170416     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18845      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127769      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72067      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1389267                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.561915                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12300                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008854                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5092783                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654477                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1351259                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1401567                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          961                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29818                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1532                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        39450                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles          4147                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          485                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459384                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1142                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141534                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72442                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          402                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12193                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12705                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        24898                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1364021                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125289                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25246                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             197309                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         192565                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            72020                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.551703                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1351294                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1351259                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          809451                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2174837                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.546542                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372189                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000069                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232185                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227203                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        21842                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2260697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1738630     76.91%     76.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264977     11.72%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95889      4.24%     92.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47858      2.12%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43626      1.93%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18428      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18175      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8750      0.39%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24364      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2260697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1000069                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1232185                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               182626                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              111716                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           178661                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1109268                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        25421                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        24364                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3695708                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2958232                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 30867                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                172234                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1000069                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1232185                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1000069                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.472210                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.472210                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.404496                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.404496                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6133987                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1890277                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1391518                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2472381                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         192803                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173659                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12068                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        72194                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66708                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10462                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          531                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2020085                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1209148                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            192803                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        77170                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              238296                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         38519                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        50664                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          117883                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11916                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2335226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.608314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2096930     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           8415      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          17381      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           6985      0.30%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          38890      1.67%     92.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          34929      1.50%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           6588      0.28%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          14179      0.61%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         110929      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2335226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077983                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.489062                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2007871                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        63309                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          237267                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          798                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        25975                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        17006                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1417343                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1260                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        25975                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2010626                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         42856                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        13251                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          235438                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         7074                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1415374                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2606                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         2761                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1671449                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6659965                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6659965                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1438542                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         232877                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           93                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           20069                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       329839                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       165376                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1584                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8084                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1410115                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          173                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1341792                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          964                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       134383                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       329210                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2335226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371880                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1858237     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143088      6.13%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117106      5.01%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50534      2.16%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64649      2.77%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61844      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35048      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2974      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1746      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2335226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3401     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26140     86.18%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          790      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       846322     63.07%     63.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11702      0.87%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       318923     23.77%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164765     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1341792                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.542712                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30331                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022605                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5050099                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1544720                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1327949                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1372123                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2308                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16823                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1610                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          121                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        25975                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         39284                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1807                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1410288                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           25                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329839                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165376                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           93                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1247                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6144                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7676                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        13820                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1330673                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317712                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11113                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             482446                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         173778                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           164734                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.538215                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1328085                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1327949                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          719240                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1423885                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.537113                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.505125                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1067458                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1254593                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       155839                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        12095                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2309251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1853636     80.27%     80.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166740      7.22%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77844      3.37%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77162      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20692      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89503      3.88%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7057      0.31%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4882      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11735      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2309251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1067458                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1254593                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               476779                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              313013                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           165594                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1115764                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        12179                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        11735                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3707948                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2846872                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 45803                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                137155                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1067458                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1254593                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1067458                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.316139                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.316139                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.431753                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.431753                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6569255                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1548436                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1676873                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2472381                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         203489                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166508                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21734                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81791                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77520                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20539                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          966                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1952448                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1138445                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            203489                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        98059                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              236169                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         60007                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        45625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          121098                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21598                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2272268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962344                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2036099     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          10919      0.48%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          16888      0.74%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          23003      1.01%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          24188      1.06%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          20712      0.91%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          11085      0.49%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          17256      0.76%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         112118      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2272268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082305                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.460465                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1932859                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        65669                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          235595                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          346                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        37795                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        33296                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1395015                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1262                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        37795                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1938541                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         14142                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        39055                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          230260                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        12471                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1393671                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1637                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5480                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1946435                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6478001                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6478001                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1655481                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         290954                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          334                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           39040                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       131238                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        69666                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          807                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        32339                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1390993                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          336                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1311534                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          268                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       171363                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       414055                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2272268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1705336     75.05%     75.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       242890     10.69%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120487      5.30%     91.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82164      3.62%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65568      2.89%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27735      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17645      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9183      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1260      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2272268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           297     12.57%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          873     36.96%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1192     50.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1103847     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19441      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          162      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118696      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69388      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1311534                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.530474                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2362                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001801                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4897966                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1562707                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1289842                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1313896                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2754                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23683                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1270                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        37795                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         11409                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1118                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1391336                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131238                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69666                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          923                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11750                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12905                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24655                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1291900                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111645                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19634                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             181025                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         183151                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            69380                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.522533                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1289927                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1289842                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          741392                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1997606                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.521700                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371140                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       964835                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1187193                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       204146                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          329                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        21783                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2234473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.358856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1736360     77.71%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       252298     11.29%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90152      4.03%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43209      1.93%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43392      1.94%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21429      0.96%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14296      0.64%     98.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8221      0.37%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25116      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2234473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       964835                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1187193                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               175951                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              107555                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           171166                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1069658                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        24443                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        25116                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3600683                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2820479                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 31477                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                200113                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            964835                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1187193                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       964835                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.562491                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.562491                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.390245                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.390245                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5811723                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1799221                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1292638                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2472381                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         192685                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173559                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11973                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        72340                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66687                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10499                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          563                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2020928                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1209440                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            192685                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        77186                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              238387                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         38207                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        51170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          117794                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11793                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2336452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.608332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2098065     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           8371      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          17536      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3           7070      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          38685      1.66%     92.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          34941      1.50%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           6361      0.27%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          14309      0.61%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         111114      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2336452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077935                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.489180                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2009011                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        63554                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          237347                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          775                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        25759                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        16982                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1417930                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        25759                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2011792                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         43293                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        13091                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          235485                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         7026                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1415757                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2556                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         2784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1672091                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6662636                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6662636                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1441188                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         230892                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          171                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           91                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           20104                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       329949                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       165491                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1499                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         8142                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1410444                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          171                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1342207                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          951                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       133630                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       329278                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2336452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1859313     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       142997      6.12%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117139      5.01%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50954      2.18%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64414      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61816      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35139      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2940      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1740      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2336452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3429     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26128     86.08%     97.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          796      2.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       846558     63.07%     63.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11717      0.87%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       319024     23.77%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164828     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1342207                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.542880                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30353                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022614                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5052170                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1544295                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1328483                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1372560                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2231                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16751                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1620                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          120                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        25759                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         39802                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1850                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1410615                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329949                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165491                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           91                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1284                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6199                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7541                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        13740                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1331157                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317797                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11050                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             482599                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         173976                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           164802                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.538411                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1328613                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1328483                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          719248                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1423566                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.537329                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.505244                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1068999                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1256518                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       154256                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        11994                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2310693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1854221     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167164      7.23%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78099      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77194      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20740      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89539      3.87%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7016      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4937      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11783      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2310693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1068999                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1256518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               477060                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              313189                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           165879                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1117512                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        12229                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        11783                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3709684                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2847329                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 45694                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                135929                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1068999                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1256518                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1068999                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.312800                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.312800                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.432376                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.432376                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6571424                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1549001                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1677326                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2472381                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         192753                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157231                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20387                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78485                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73163                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19199                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          897                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1866919                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1139228                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            192753                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        92362                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              233800                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         63798                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        62765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          116593                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20425                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2206164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        1972364     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          12386      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          19713      0.89%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          29506      1.34%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          12176      0.55%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          14373      0.65%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          15188      0.69%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          10612      0.48%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         119846      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2206164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077962                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.460782                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1843402                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        86966                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          232084                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1348                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        42363                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        31235                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          319                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1381123                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        42363                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1848233                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         41472                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        31091                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          228736                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        14266                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1377918                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          785                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2521                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         7320                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          963                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1886216                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6422019                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6422019                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1554525                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         331653                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          297                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          156                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           42206                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       139624                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        77093                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3852                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        14794                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1373083                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          296                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1281367                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2095                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       210771                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       486818                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2206164                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1660810     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220864     10.01%     85.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122161      5.54%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80625      3.65%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73181      3.32%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22704      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16419      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5652      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3748      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2206164                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           376     11.87%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1308     41.29%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1484     46.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055112     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23633      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          141      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126984      9.91%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75497      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1281367                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.518272                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3168                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002472                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4774158                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1584213                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1257526                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284535                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5917                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29576                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5055                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1010                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        42363                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         31025                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1599                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1373379                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          524                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139624                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77093                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          156                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          885                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           41                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10994                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12627                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        23621                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1262367                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120115                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18997                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             195481                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         171266                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            75366                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.510588                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1257664                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1257526                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          744694                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1888147                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.508630                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.394405                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       931322                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1135776                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238633                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          280                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        20752                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2163801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1703413     78.72%     78.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       219348     10.14%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90819      4.20%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46776      2.16%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34606      1.60%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19950      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12237      0.57%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10350      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26302      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2163801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       931322                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1135776                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               182075                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              110041                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               140                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           157716                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1026873                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        22161                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        26302                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3511908                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2791219                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 33288                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                266217                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            931322                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1135776                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       931322                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.654701                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.654701                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.376690                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.376690                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5729394                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1719514                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1308340                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          280                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2472381                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         200670                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164360                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21447                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82587                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76649                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20417                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          955                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1924618                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1147757                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            200670                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        97066                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              250997                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         61463                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        58483                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          120157                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21245                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2273770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.972921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2022773     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          26436      1.16%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          30943      1.36%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          17186      0.76%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          19495      0.86%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          11053      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           7567      0.33%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          19936      0.88%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         118381      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2273770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081165                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.464231                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1908848                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        74803                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          248911                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1877                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        39327                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        32591                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1400784                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1880                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        39327                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1912136                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         13838                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        52271                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          247542                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         8652                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1399222                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1945                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1947090                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6514084                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6514084                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1632665                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         314425                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           25036                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       133983                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        71939                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1699                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        15813                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1395966                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1311367                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1854                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       192031                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       444261                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2273770                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1722743     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221072      9.72%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118854      5.23%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82224      3.62%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72455      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37144      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8935      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5979      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4364      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2273770                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           343     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1359     44.96%     56.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1321     43.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1098318     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20484      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121007      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71399      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1311367                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530407                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3023                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002305                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4901381                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1588392                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1287700                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1314390                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3380                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25947                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2062                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        39327                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          9764                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1011                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1396328                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       133983                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71939                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          702                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11747                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12486                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        24233                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1290500                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113256                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20867                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             184632                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         179509                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            71376                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.521966                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1287770                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1287700                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          766761                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2010001                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.520834                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381473                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       958438                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175860                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220472                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        21424                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2234443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1754294     78.51%     78.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222760      9.97%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93378      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55643      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38788      1.74%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25115      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13332      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10368      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20765      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2234443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       958438                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1175860                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               177913                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              108036                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           168229                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1060149                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        23925                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        20765                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3610010                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2831995                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 31441                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                198611                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            958438                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1175860                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       958438                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.579594                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.579594                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.387658                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.387658                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5820058                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1790403                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1305386                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2472381                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         203686                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166650                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21557                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81849                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77851                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20598                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          971                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1954347                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1139428                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            203686                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        98449                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              236411                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         59647                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        46328                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          121067                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21406                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2274929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2038518     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          10889      0.48%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          16980      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          23106      1.02%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          24348      1.07%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          20570      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          10798      0.47%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          17344      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         112376      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2274929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.082385                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.460863                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1934573                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        66545                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          235825                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          373                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        37609                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        33351                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1396392                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        37609                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1940188                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         14197                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        39981                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          230583                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        12367                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1395220                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1641                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         5416                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1948726                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6485584                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6485584                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1659415                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         289302                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          336                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           38926                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       131521                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        69811                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          815                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        33243                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1392710                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          337                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1313571                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          263                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       170550                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       414019                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2274929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1706904     75.03%     75.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       243128     10.69%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121113      5.32%     91.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82515      3.63%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65673      2.89%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27278      1.20%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17965      0.79%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9024      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1329      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2274929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           293     12.39%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          884     37.39%     49.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1187     50.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1105376     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19473      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119048      9.06%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69511      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1313571                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.531298                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2364                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001800                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4904696                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1563612                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1291440                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1315935                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2628                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23684                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1230                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        37609                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         11413                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1128                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1393052                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           24                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131521                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69811                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          937                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11759                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12653                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        24412                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1293473                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111763                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20096                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             181259                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         183539                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            69496                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.523169                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1291513                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1291440                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          742695                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2000592                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.522347                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371238                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       967147                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1190080                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       202973                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          329                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        21604                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2237320                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.359534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1737928     77.68%     77.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253150     11.31%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90254      4.03%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43179      1.93%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43501      1.94%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21473      0.96%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14371      0.64%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8422      0.38%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25042      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2237320                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       967147                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1190080                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               176415                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              107834                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           171597                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1072254                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        24504                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        25042                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3605318                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2823728                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 31372                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                197452                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            967147                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1190080                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       967147                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.556365                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.556365                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.391180                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.391180                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5818255                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1801317                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1293803                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2472265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         192339                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156815                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20456                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79229                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73305                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19184                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          901                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1869088                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1138538                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            192339                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        92489                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              233683                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         63897                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        58493                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          116767                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20502                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2203972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994947                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        1970289     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          12314      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          19569      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          29465      1.34%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          12402      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          14382      0.65%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          15202      0.69%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          10812      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         119537      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2203972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077799                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.460524                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1845919                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        82337                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          231990                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1333                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        42392                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        31227                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          319                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1380597                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        42392                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1850546                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         38663                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        29533                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          228806                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        14029                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1377508                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          806                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2456                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         7128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1097                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1885235                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6422518                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6422518                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1554878                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         330268                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          294                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          153                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           41188                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       139355                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        77118                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3865                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        14817                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1372704                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          293                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1281874                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1921                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       210192                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       483022                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2203972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1658129     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221228     10.04%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122229      5.55%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80564      3.66%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73344      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22871      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16182      0.73%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5727      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3698      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2203972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           356     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1320     41.97%     53.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1469     46.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055538     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23669      1.85%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          141      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126894      9.90%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75632      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1281874                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.518502                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3145                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002453                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4772786                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1583251                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1258451                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1285019                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6005                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29275                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5058                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1032                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        42392                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         28220                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1516                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1372997                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           15                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139355                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77118                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          153                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          843                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11105                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12532                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        23637                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1263130                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120052                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18744                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             195554                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         171136                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            75502                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.510920                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1258553                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1258451                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          745040                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1890697                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.509028                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.394056                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       931576                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1136048                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238033                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          280                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        20824                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2161580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1701404     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       219079     10.14%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90823      4.20%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46678      2.16%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34775      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19873      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12235      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10290      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26423      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2161580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       931576                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1136048                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               182119                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              110067                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               140                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           157746                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1027125                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        22165                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        26423                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3509238                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2790647                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 33420                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                268293                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            931576                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1136048                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       931576                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.653852                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.653852                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.376811                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.376811                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5733721                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1720189                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1307861                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          280                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2472381                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         192882                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169662                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17514                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117959                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114809                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12542                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          555                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1971167                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1093101                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            192882                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       127351                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              240973                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         56838                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        28043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          121282                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17036                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2279414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.813136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2038441     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          33926      1.49%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          20143      0.88%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          33175      1.46%     93.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          12233      0.54%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          30541      1.34%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5506      0.24%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           9932      0.44%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          95517      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2279414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.078015                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.442125                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1955502                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        44424                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          240305                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          310                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        38869                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        20333                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          362                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1237825                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        38869                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1957615                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         23677                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        14699                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          238323                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         6227                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1235282                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1074                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4420                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1637781                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5622767                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5622767                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1292976                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         344789                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           16632                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       207750                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        39125                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          405                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8818                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1226273                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1136803                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1190                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       242885                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       512410                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2279414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498726                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.124579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1785669     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       161538      7.09%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154988      6.80%     92.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92990      4.08%     96.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        52896      2.32%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14343      0.63%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16252      0.71%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          396      0.02%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          342      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2279414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2278     59.71%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          839     21.99%     81.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          698     18.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       901101     79.27%     79.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9715      0.85%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187248     16.47%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        38651      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1136803                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.459801                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3815                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003356                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4558025                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1469340                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1104589                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1140618                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1122                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46861                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1383                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        38869                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         17495                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          809                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1226445                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           68                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207750                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39125                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          456                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10282                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8402                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        18684                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1119108                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       183726                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17695                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             222366                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         167892                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            38640                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.452644                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1105064                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1104589                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          665524                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1513317                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.446771                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.439778                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       860068                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       980722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       245755                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        17239                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2240545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.437716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1868696     83.40%     83.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150549      6.72%     90.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91699      4.09%     94.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        30211      1.35%     95.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47231      2.11%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10282      0.46%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6632      0.30%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5944      0.27%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29301      1.31%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2240545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       860068                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       980722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               198628                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              160886                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           149213                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          860881                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        13423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        29301                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3437721                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2491858                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 44639                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                192967                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            860068                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              980722                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       860068                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.874634                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.874634                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.347870                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.347870                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5175324                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1455809                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1286492                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2472381                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         200498                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164230                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21445                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82620                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76641                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20381                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          946                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1923310                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1146573                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            200498                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        97022                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              250765                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         61405                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        58165                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          120082                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21240                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2271856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.972694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2021091     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          26402      1.16%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          30916      1.36%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          17148      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          19517      0.86%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          11062      0.49%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           7574      0.33%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          19927      0.88%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         118219      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2271856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081095                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.463753                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1907697                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        74329                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          248707                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1848                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        39271                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        32550                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1399392                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1876                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        39271                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1910942                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         13855                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        51890                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          247347                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         8547                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1397834                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1938                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1945030                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6507591                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6507591                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1631368                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         313662                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           24808                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       133862                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        71830                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1672                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        15780                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1394555                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1310048                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1846                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       191528                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       443556                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2271856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576642                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1721353     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220943      9.73%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118690      5.22%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82102      3.61%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72386      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37141      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8873      0.39%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6012      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4356      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2271856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           342     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1367     45.13%     56.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1320     43.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1097310     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20444      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       120831      9.22%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71304      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1310048                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.529873                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3029                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002312                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4896827                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1586478                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1286491                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1313077                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3350                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25900                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1996                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        39271                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          9816                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1009                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1394917                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       133862                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71830                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          699                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11755                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12483                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        24238                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1289290                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113125                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20758                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             184407                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         179356                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            71282                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.521477                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1286566                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1286491                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          766044                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2008268                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.520345                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381445                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       957702                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1174963                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       219957                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        21422                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2232585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1752796     78.51%     78.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222607      9.97%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93265      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55659      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38736      1.74%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25108      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13296      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10355      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20763      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2232585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       957702                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1174963                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               177796                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              107962                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           168097                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1059349                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        23909                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        20763                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3606742                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2829115                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 31452                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                200525                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            957702                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1174963                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       957702                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.581577                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.581577                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.387360                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.387360                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5814605                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1788681                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1304004                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2472381                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         192634                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173455                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12025                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        72696                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66792                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10440                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          531                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2020443                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1209140                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            192634                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        77232                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              238402                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         38327                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        52168                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          117861                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11870                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2337047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.608133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2098645     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           8459      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          17405      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           6979      0.30%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          38926      1.67%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          34837      1.49%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           6505      0.28%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          14217      0.61%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         111074      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2337047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077914                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.489059                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2008544                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        64535                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          237310                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          825                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        25827                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        17037                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1417892                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1260                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        25827                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2011267                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         43810                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        13546                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          235523                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         7068                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1415791                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2702                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         2743                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1671674                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6663289                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6663289                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1440457                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         231217                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          172                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           20057                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       329995                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       165577                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1590                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         8124                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1410250                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1342058                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          990                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       133589                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       329798                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2337047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1859696     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143297      6.13%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117130      5.01%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50900      2.18%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64434      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61847      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35089      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2936      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1718      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2337047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3364     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26139     86.24%     97.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          805      2.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       846286     63.06%     63.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11737      0.87%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       319111     23.78%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164844     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1342058                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.542820                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30308                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022583                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5052461                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1544062                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1328305                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1372366                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2349                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16860                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1740                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          119                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        25827                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         40250                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1794                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1410422                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           31                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329995                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165577                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1218                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6185                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7598                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        13783                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1331061                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317912                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10997                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             482711                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         173887                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           164799                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.538372                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1328441                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1328305                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          719214                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1423951                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.537257                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.505083                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1068571                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1255966                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       154549                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        12048                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2311220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1855076     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166983      7.22%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78061      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77012      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20868      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89477      3.87%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7031      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4914      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11798      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2311220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1068571                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1255966                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               476972                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              313135                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           165785                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1117004                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        12207                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        11798                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3709937                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2846866                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 45753                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                135334                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1068571                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1255966                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1068571                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.313726                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.313726                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.432203                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.432203                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6571181                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1548448                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1677065                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2472381                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         224882                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187208                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21845                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84746                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80039                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23716                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          973                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1943139                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1233219                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            224882                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       103755                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              256244                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         61811                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        60554                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          122057                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2299698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2043454     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          15530      0.68%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          19662      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          31296      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          12698      0.55%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          16827      0.73%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          19610      0.85%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9130      0.40%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         131491      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2299698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.090958                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.498798                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1931787                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        73283                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          254959                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          120                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39543                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        34084                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1506617                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1283                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39543                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1934205                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles          5388                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        62086                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          252646                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         5825                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1496576                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents          684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2090407                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6955188                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6955188                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1717859                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         372548                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           21192                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       141643                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        72405                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          782                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        16022                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1459067                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          358                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388774                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1791                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196553                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       417183                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2299698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1712923     74.48%     74.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266088     11.57%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110125      4.79%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61624      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82895      3.60%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26001      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25425      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13507      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1110      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2299698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9693     78.80%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1351     10.98%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1257     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169900     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18843      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127857      9.21%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72004      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388774                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.561715                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12301                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008857                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5091338                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1655999                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350552                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1401075                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          959                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30014                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1547                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39543                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles          4068                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          492                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459426                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1103                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141643                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72405                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          408                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12140                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12735                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        24875                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363345                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125282                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25429                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             197250                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         192300                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            71968                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.551430                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1350587                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1350552                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          809117                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2174765                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.546256                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372048                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999443                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1231388                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228042                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        21817                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2260155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1738371     76.91%     76.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264883     11.72%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95915      4.24%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47725      2.11%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43595      1.93%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18397      0.81%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18172      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8673      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24424      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2260155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       999443                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1231388                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               182487                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              111629                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           178546                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1108551                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        25405                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        24424                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3695148                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2958408                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 30897                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                172683                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            999443                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1231388                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       999443                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.473759                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.473759                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.404243                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.404243                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6131482                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1889026                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1391580                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2472381                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         192728                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169444                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17440                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117817                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114803                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12571                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          567                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1970638                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1092514                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            192728                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       127374                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              240774                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         56694                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        28218                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          121160                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16946                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2278790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.812885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2038016     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          33983      1.49%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          19962      0.88%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          33190      1.46%     93.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          12281      0.54%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          30444      1.34%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           5509      0.24%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9933      0.44%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8          95472      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2278790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077952                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.441887                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1954988                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        44585                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          240116                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          298                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        38799                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        20384                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1236884                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1409                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        38799                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1957055                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         23285                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        15270                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          238169                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         6208                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1234384                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1032                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1636648                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5618043                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5618043                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1292611                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         344011                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           16698                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       207772                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        39113                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          439                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         8838                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1225632                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1135959                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1174                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       242565                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       512615                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2278790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.123968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1785073     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       161774      7.10%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154948      6.80%     92.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92922      4.08%     96.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        52908      2.32%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14180      0.62%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16236      0.71%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          417      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          332      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2278790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2275     59.65%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          843     22.10%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          696     18.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       900446     79.27%     79.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9716      0.86%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187085     16.47%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        38624      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1135959                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.459460                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3814                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003358                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4555696                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1468380                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1103949                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1139773                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1092                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46971                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1371                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        38799                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         17071                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          813                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225804                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           62                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207772                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39113                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          477                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10223                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8367                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        18590                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1118486                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       183690                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17473                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             222304                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         167923                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            38614                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.452392                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1104434                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1103949                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          665253                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1511329                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.446512                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.440177                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       859759                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps       980413                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       245420                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        17165                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2239991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.437686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1867949     83.39%     83.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150797      6.73%     90.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91792      4.10%     94.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        30218      1.35%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47092      2.10%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10246      0.46%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6723      0.30%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5950      0.27%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29224      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2239991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       859759                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps       980413                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               198536                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              160794                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           149161                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          860624                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        13423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        29224                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3436600                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2490513                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 44665                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                193591                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            859759                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps              980413                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       859759                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.875667                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.875667                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.347745                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.347745                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5172011                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1455199                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1285825                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4566                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32746.083278                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           732008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          19.619094                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1339.143240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    17.279646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    51.962999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.515237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   243.723394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    26.405034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    70.118858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    17.288360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    51.073248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.370718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   188.953954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    26.420953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    73.400011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.376431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   186.661613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.514699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   253.626182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.618375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    78.079649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    26.406500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    67.537319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.532325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   245.506260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.306681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   103.751222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.617755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    81.687129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.516685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   188.463354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    17.278903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    54.076720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.304716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   104.747551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1118.890074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2679.805649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1327.470774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1119.575544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          2114.382941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1337.891737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2126.110261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          2737.218188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1689.611566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1354.314631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          2745.951805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1900.894437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1677.787532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          2108.870019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1116.202756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1945.839642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.040867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.001586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.007438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.002140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.001559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.005766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.005696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.007740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.002061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.007492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.003166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.002493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.005751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.001650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.003197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.034146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.081781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.040511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.034167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.064526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.040829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.064884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.083533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.051563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.041330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.083800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.058011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.051202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.064358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.034064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.059382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2702                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2702                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          483                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          265                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          237                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          260                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          412                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          468                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          327                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          270                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          469                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          321                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          408                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          235                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5414                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 157                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          103                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          556                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          139                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          106                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          144                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          376                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          571                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          566                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          190                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          374                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          108                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          192                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4560                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4329641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15776742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2060271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     76035194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4183940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     21177562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4371293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     16008504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2354672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     57777030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4163141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     21768692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2167466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     57612515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1837764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     78585325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2191443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     24223875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4152410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     20405973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1891928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     77093868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1872627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     28796232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2374686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     24806536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2214808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     57188489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4091380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     16295068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2001682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     29595377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       669406134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7391798                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7865355                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8048997                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      23306150                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4329641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15776742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2060271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     83426992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4183940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     21177562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4371293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     16008504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2354672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     57777030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4163141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     21768692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2167466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     57612515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1837764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     86450680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2191443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     24223875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4152410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     20405973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1891928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     85142865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1872627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     28796232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2374686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     24806536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2214808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     57188489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4091380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     16295068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2001682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     29595377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        692712284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4329641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15776742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2060271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     83426992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4183940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     21177562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4371293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     16008504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2354672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     57777030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4163141                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     21768692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2167466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     57612515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1837764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     86450680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2191443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     24223875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4152410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     20405973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1891928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     85142865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1872627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     28796232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2374686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     24806536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2214808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     57188489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4091380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     16295068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2001682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     29595377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       692712284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                9799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2702                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2702                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.302941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.511134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.311765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.483418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.477157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.525355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.327160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.334165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.522403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.385396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.338144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.478261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.317647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.390244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.449332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.897143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.300292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.535130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.309038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.483418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.477157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.549567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.327160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.331683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.546860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.385396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.338144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.478261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.314869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.390244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.457189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.300292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.535130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.309038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.483418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.477157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.549567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.327160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.331683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.546860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.385396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.338144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.478261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.314869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.390244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.457189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160357.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 153172.252427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158482.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150564.740594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154960.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152356.561151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161899.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151023.622642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168190.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152445.989446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154190.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151171.472222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       154819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 153224.773936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 141366.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151709.121622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 146096.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152351.415094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153792.962963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152283.380597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 145532.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150280.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 144048.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151559.115789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158312.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151259.365854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158200.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152910.398396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151532.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150880.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153975.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 154142.588542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152034.098115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 144937.215686                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 148402.924528                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151867.867925                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148446.815287                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160357.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 153172.252427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158482.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150048.546763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154960.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152356.561151                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161899.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151023.622642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168190.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152445.989446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154190.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151171.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       154819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 153224.773936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 141366.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151402.241681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 146096.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152351.415094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153792.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152283.380597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 145532.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150429.090106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 144048.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151559.115789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158312.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151259.365854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158200.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152910.398396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151532.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150880.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153975.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 154142.588542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151910.588596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160357.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 153172.252427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158482.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150048.546763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154960.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152356.561151                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161899.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151023.622642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168190.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152445.989446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154190.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151171.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       154819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 153224.773936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 141366.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151402.241681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 146096.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152351.415094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153792.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152283.380597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 145532.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150429.090106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 144048.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151559.115789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158312.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151259.365854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158200.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152910.398396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151532.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150880.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153975.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 154142.588542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151910.588596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1975                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1975                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            157                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2761988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9784077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1303914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     46639403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2616699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13084058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2803434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9837895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1541639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     35735100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2595412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     13383278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1353183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     35741233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1081454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     48458839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1318745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14967662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2582740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     12607964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1134946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     47288109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1117471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17740962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1499192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15256214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1399029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     35428913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2519966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10011193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1246554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     18402046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    413243312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4422247                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4774734                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4965344                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14162325                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2761988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9784077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1303914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     51061650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2616699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13084058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2803434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9837895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1541639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     35735100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2595412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     13383278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1353183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     35741233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1081454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     53233573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1318745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14967662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2582740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     12607964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1134946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     52253453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1117471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17740962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1499192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15256214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1399029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     35428913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2519966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10011193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1246554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     18402046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    427405637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2761988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9784077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1303914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     51061650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2616699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13084058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2803434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9837895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1541639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     35735100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2595412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     13383278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1353183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     35741233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1081454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     53233573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1318745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14967662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2582740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     12607964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1134946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     52253453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1117471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17740962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1499192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15256214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1399029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     35428913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2519966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10011193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1246554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     18402046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    427405637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.302941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.511134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.311765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.483418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.477157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.525355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.327160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.334165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.522403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.385396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.338144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.478261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.317647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.390244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.449332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.897143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.300292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.535130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.309038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.483418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.477157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.549567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.327160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.331683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.546860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.385396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.338144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.478261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.314869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.390244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.457189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.300292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.535130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.309038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.483418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.477157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.549567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.327160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.331683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.546860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.385396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.338144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.478261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.314869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.390244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.457189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 102295.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94991.038835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 100301.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92355.253465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96914.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94129.913669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103830.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92810.330189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 110117.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94287.862797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96126.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92939.430556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96655.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 95056.470745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 83188.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93549.882239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 87916.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94136.238994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95657.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94089.283582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 87303.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92179.549708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 85959.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93373.484211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99946.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93025.695122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99930.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94729.713904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93332.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92696.231481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95888.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95843.989583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93854.942539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86710.725490                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 90089.320755                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93685.735849                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90205.891720                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 102295.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94991.038835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 100301.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91837.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96914.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94129.913669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103830.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92810.330189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 110117.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94287.862797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96126.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92939.430556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96655.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 95056.470745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 83188.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93228.674256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 87916.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94136.238994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95657.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94089.283582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 87303.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92320.588339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 85959.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93373.484211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99946.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93025.695122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99930.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94729.713904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93332.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92696.231481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95888.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95843.989583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93729.306360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 102295.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94991.038835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 100301.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91837.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96914.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94129.913669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103830.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92810.330189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 110117.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94287.862797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96126.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92939.430556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96655.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 95056.470745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 83188.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93228.674256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 87916.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94136.238994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95657.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94089.283582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 87303.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92320.588339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 85959.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93373.484211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99946.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93025.695122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99930.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94729.713904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93332.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92696.231481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95888.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95843.989583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93729.306360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              473.101369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750129975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1549855.320248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    18.101369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.029009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         122008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        122008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6230943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6230943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6230943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6230943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6230943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6230943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       122046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       122046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163972.184211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163972.184211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163972.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163972.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163972.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163972.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5089255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5089255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5089255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5089255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5089255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5089255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 175491.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175491.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 175491.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175491.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 175491.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175491.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              108893364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             181791.926544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   117.059463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   138.940537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.457264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.542736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        96341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         166885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        166885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total          864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total          864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     90908925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90908925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1271198                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1271198                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     92180123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     92180123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     92180123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     92180123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106700.616197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106700.616197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105933.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105933.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106689.957176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106689.957176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106689.957176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106689.957176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          521                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          521                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     33609658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33609658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       262092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       262092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     33871750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33871750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     33871750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33871750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98851.935294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98851.935294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        87364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        87364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98751.457726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98751.457726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98751.457726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98751.457726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              501.514476                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              750409214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1494839.071713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.514476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.020055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       116764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       116764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         116764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       116764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        116764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2528544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2528544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2528544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2528544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2528544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2528544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       116780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       116780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       116780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       116780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       116780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       158034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       158034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       158034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       158034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       158034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       158034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2206449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2206449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2206449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2206449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2206449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2206449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169726.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169726.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169726.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169726.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169726.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169726.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 1039                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              125071896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             96580.614672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   184.985022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    71.014978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.722598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.277402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        88620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        71515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          143                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          143                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       160135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         160135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       160135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        160135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2737                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2737                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    310595944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    310595944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     67206882                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67206882                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    377802826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    377802826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    377802826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    377802826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        90966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        71906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          143                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          143                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       162872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       162872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.025790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005438                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005438                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.016805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.016805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 132393.838022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132393.838022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 171884.608696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171884.608696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 138035.376690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138035.376690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 138035.376690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138035.376690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    114723958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114723958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7942591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7942591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    122666549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    122666549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    122666549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    122666549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 116117.366397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116117.366397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 155737.078431                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155737.078431                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118062.126083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118062.126083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118062.126083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118062.126083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              503.373607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              746682587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1481513.069444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.373607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.045471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.806688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       121049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       121049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         121049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       121049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        121049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5869132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5869132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5869132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5869132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5869132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5869132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       121081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       121081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       121081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       121081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       121081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 183410.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183410.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 183410.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183410.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 183410.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183410.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5122256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5122256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5122256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5122256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5122256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5122256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176629.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176629.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176629.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176629.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176629.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176629.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              112794435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             170900.659091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   158.434672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    97.565328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.618885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.381115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        81755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        68249                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68249                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       150004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         150004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       150004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        150004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    157777939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157777939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1509691                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1509691                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    159287630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    159287630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    159287630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    159287630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        83059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        68264                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68264                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       151323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       151323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120995.351994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120995.351994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100646.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100646.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120763.934799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120763.934799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120763.934799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120763.934799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     40943610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40943610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       239548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       239548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     41183158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41183158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     41183158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41183158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102103.765586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102103.765586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 79849.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79849.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101938.509901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101938.509901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101938.509901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101938.509901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              473.111277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750130028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1549855.429752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    18.111277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.029024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       122061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       122061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         122061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       122061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        122061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6364565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6364565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6364565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6364565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6364565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6364565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       122100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       122100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       122100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       122100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       122100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163193.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163193.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163193.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163193.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163193.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163193.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5003695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5003695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5003695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5003695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5003695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5003695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 172541.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172541.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 172541.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172541.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 172541.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172541.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              108893311                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             181791.838063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   117.123796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   138.876204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.457515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.542485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        96285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        70547                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70547                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       166832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         166832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       166832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        166832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total          860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total          860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     89700970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89700970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1337402                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1337402                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     91038372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     91038372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     91038372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     91038372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        97133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        70559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       167692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       167692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105779.445755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105779.445755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111450.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111450.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105858.572093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105858.572093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105858.572093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105858.572093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           73                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              73                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          517                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          517                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     33431044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33431044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       283890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       283890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     33714934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33714934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     33714934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33714934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 98326.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98326.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        94630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 98294.268222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98294.268222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 98294.268222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98294.268222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              556.369889                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              765693884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1374674.836625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.369889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.021426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       117867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       117867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         117867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       117867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        117867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2881509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2881509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2881509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2881509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2881509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2881509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       117883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       117883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       117883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       117883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       117883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 180094.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180094.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 180094.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180094.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 180094.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180094.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2518235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2518235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2518235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2518235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2518235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2518235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 179873.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179873.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 179873.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179873.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 179873.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179873.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  784                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              287983258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             276906.978846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   102.225256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   153.774744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.399317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.600683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       299819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       163605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       463424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         463424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       463424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        463424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    352918722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    352918722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    352918722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    352918722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    352918722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    352918722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       302663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       163605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       466268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       466268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124092.377637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124092.377637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124092.377637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124092.377637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124092.377637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124092.377637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          115                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             115                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2060                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2060                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     90744976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90744976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     90744976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90744976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     90744976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90744976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115746.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115746.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115746.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115746.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115746.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115746.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              502.404921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              746682604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1484458.457256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    27.404921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.043918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       121066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       121066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         121066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       121066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        121066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5317574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5317574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5317574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5317574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5317574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5317574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       121098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       121098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166174.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166174.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166174.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166174.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166174.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166174.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4621000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4621000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165035.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165035.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165035.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165035.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165035.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165035.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              112794234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             170900.354545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   158.718339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    97.281661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.619994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.380006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        81741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        68062                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68062                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       149803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         149803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       149803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        149803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    158194840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158194840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1274394                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1274394                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    159469234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    159469234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    159469234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    159469234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        83054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        68077                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68077                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       151131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       151131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120483.503427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120483.503427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 84959.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84959.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120082.254518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120082.254518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120082.254518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120082.254518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     40838211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40838211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       216800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       216800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     41055011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41055011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     41055011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41055011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101840.925187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101840.925187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 72266.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72266.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101621.314356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101621.314356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101621.314356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101621.314356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              556.375591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              765693794                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1374674.675045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.375591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.021435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       117777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       117777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         117777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       117777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        117777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2808235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2808235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2808235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2808235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2808235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2808235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       117794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       117794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       117794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       117794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       117794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165190.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165190.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165190.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165190.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165190.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165190.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2351701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2351701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2351701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2351701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2351701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2351701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 167978.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167978.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 167978.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167978.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 167978.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167978.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  788                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              287983483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             275846.248084                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   102.374144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   153.625856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.399899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.600101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       299937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       163710                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163710                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       463647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         463647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       463647                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        463647                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    354408996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    354408996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    354408996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    354408996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    354408996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    354408996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       302788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       163710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       466498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       466498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 124310.415994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124310.415994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 124310.415994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124310.415994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 124310.415994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124310.415994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2063                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2063                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     90794631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90794631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     90794631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90794631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     90794631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90794631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 115221.612944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115221.612944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 115221.612944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115221.612944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 115221.612944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115221.612944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              501.513934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750409028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1494838.701195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.513934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.020054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       116578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       116578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         116578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       116578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        116578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2193435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2193435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2193435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2193435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2193435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2193435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       116593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       116593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       116593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       116593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       116593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       146229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       146229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       146229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       146229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       146229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       146229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1986910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1986910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1986910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1986910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1986910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1986910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152839.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152839.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152839.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152839.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152839.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152839.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 1039                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              125071321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             96580.170656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   185.316120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    70.683880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.723891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.276109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        88303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        71258                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71258                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       159561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         159561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       159561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        159561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          399                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          399                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    317503026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    317503026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     69621523                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69621523                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    387124549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    387124549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    387124549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    387124549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        90678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        71657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       162335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       162335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.026192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.017088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.017088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 133685.484632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133685.484632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 174490.032581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174490.032581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 139554.631939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139554.631939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 139554.631939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139554.631939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1735                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1735                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    116685542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116685542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8411153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8411153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    125096695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125096695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    125096695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125096695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000740                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000740                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 118342.334686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118342.334686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       158701                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       158701                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120401.053898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120401.053898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120401.053898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120401.053898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              496.617512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              747247415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1503515.925553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.617512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.023425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         120138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        120138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2997880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2997880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2997880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2997880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2997880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2997880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       120157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       120157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157783.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157783.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157783.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157783.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157783.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157783.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2335423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2335423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2335423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2335423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2335423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2335423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155694.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155694.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155694.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155694.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155694.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155694.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  486                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              117749376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             158691.881402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   160.128168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    95.871832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.625501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.374499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        82856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        69474                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69474                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       152330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         152330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       152330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        152330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1751                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1751                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    200533330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    200533330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6783949                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6783949                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    207317279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    207317279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    207317279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    207317279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        84539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        69542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       154081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       154081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119152.305407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119152.305407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99763.955882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99763.955882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118399.359794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118399.359794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118399.359794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118399.359794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          168                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             168                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     47903986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47903986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     47903986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47903986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     47903986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47903986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98567.872428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98567.872428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98567.872428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98567.872428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98567.872428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98567.872428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              503.375242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              746682573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1481513.041667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.375242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.045473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.806691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       121035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       121035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         121035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       121035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        121035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5651779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5651779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5651779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5651779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5651779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5651779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       121067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       121067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       121067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       121067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       121067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176618.093750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176618.093750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176618.093750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176618.093750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176618.093750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176618.093750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4947230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4947230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4947230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4947230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4947230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4947230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170594.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170594.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170594.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170594.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170594.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170594.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              112794602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             170900.912121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   158.510442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    97.489558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.619181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.380819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        81925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        68246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       150171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         150171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       150171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        150171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    155244730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    155244730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1237786                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1237786                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    156482516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    156482516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    156482516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    156482516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        83230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        68261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       151491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       151491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118961.478927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118961.478927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 82519.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82519.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118547.360606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118547.360606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118547.360606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118547.360606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     40306259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40306259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       198944                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       198944                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     40505203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40505203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     40505203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40505203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100514.361596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100514.361596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 66314.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66314.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100260.403465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100260.403465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100260.403465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100260.403465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              501.531579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750409202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1494839.047809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.531579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.020083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       116752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       116752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         116752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       116752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        116752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2249544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2249544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2249544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2249544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2249544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2249544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       116767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       116767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       116767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       116767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       116767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149969.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149969.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149969.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149969.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149969.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149969.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2011555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2011555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2011555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2011555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2011555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2011555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       154735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       154735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       154735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       154735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       154735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       154735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 1034                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              125071220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             96954.434109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   183.583851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    72.416149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.717124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.282876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        88176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        71285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          143                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       159461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         159461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       159461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        159461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2733                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2733                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    309288656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    309288656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     70560608                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70560608                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    379849264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    379849264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    379849264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    379849264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        90518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        71676                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71676                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          143                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       162194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       162194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.025873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005455                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005455                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.016850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.016850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 132061.766012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132061.766012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 180461.913043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180461.913043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 138986.192462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138986.192462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 138986.192462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138986.192462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          481                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             481                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    115142919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115142919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8564443                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8564443                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123707362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123707362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123707362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123707362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000739                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000739                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117253.481670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117253.481670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 161593.264151                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161593.264151                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119524.021256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119524.021256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119524.021256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119524.021256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              538.305929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              643368304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1193633.217069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.305929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.019721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       121268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       121268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         121268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       121268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        121268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2228783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2228783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2228783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2228783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2228783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2228783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       121282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       121282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       121282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       121282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       121282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159198.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159198.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159198.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159198.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159198.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159198.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2014910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2014910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2014910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2014910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2014910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2014910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154993.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154993.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154993.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154993.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154993.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154993.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              150643088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             201125.618158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   144.929677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   111.070323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.566132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.433868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       165412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        165412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       202980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         202980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       202980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        202980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1727                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1727                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189752220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    189752220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189752220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    189752220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189752220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    189752220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       167139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       167139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       204707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       204707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       204707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       204707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109873.896931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109873.896931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109873.896931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109873.896931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109873.896931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109873.896931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           48                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              48                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1234                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1234                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     51352108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51352108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     51352108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51352108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     51352108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51352108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104162.490872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104162.490872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104162.490872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104162.490872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104162.490872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104162.490872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              496.616872                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              747247340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1503515.774648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.616872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.023424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       120063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       120063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         120063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       120063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        120063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3192157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3192157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3192157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3192157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3192157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3192157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       120082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       120082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       120082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       120082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       120082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168008.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168008.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168008.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168008.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168008.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168008.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2536757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2536757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2536757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2536757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2536757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2536757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169117.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169117.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169117.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169117.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169117.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169117.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  485                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              117749258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             158905.881242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   160.061458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    95.938542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.625240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.374760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        82781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        69431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       152212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         152212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       152212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        152212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    203219200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    203219200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7777684                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7777684                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    210996884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    210996884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    210996884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    210996884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        84459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        69499                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69499                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       153958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       153958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       153958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       153958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.019868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121107.985697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121107.985697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114377.705882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114377.705882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120845.867125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120845.867125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120845.867125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120845.867125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     48386912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48386912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     48386912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48386912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     48386912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48386912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99766.828866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99766.828866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99766.828866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99766.828866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99766.828866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99766.828866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              556.515877                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              765693862                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1374674.797127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.515877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.021660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       117845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       117845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         117845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       117845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        117845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2697174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2697174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2697174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2697174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2697174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2697174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       117861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       117861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       117861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       117861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       117861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168573.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168573.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168573.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168573.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168573.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168573.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2359904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2359904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2359904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2359904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2359904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2359904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168564.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168564.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168564.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168564.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168564.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168564.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  782                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              287983463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             277440.715800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   102.387440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   153.612560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.399951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.600049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       299951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       163676                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163676                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       463627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         463627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       463627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        463627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2838                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2838                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    355438076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    355438076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    355438076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    355438076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    355438076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    355438076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       302789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       163676                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163676                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       466465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       466465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 125242.451022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125242.451022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 125242.451022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125242.451022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 125242.451022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125242.451022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          114                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             114                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90550113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90550113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90550113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90550113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90550113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90550113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 115792.983376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115792.983376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 115792.983376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115792.983376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 115792.983376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115792.983376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              473.100504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750129987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1549855.345041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    18.100504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.029007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       122020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       122020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         122020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       122020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        122020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5869767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5869767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5869767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5869767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5869767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5869767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       122057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       122057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       122057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       122057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       122057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158642.351351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158642.351351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158642.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158642.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158642.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158642.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4883243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4883243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4883243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4883243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4883243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4883243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168387.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168387.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168387.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168387.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168387.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168387.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              108893273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             181791.774624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   117.075274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   138.924726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.457325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.542675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        96295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        70499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       166794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         166794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       166794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        166794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total          856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total          856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     90404870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90404870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       845903                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       845903                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91250773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     91250773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91250773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     91250773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        97143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        70507                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70507                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       167650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       167650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106609.516509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106609.516509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105737.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105737.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106601.370327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106601.370327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106601.370327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106601.370327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          513                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          513                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     33618067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33618067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       264691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       264691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     33882758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33882758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     33882758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33882758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98876.667647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98876.667647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 88230.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88230.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98783.551020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98783.551020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98783.551020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98783.551020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              538.303975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              643368182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1193632.990724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.303975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.019718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         121146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        121146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2349158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2349158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2349158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2349158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2349158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2349158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       121160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       121160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       167797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       167797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       167797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       167797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       167797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       167797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2118382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2118382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2118382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2118382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2118382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2118382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162952.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162952.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162952.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162952.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162952.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162952.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  492                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              150643083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  748                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             201394.495989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   144.843553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   111.156447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.565795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.434205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       165407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        165407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       202975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         202975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       202975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        202975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    190885593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    190885593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    190885593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    190885593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    190885593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    190885593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       167123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       167123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       204691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       204691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       204691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       204691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111238.690559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111238.690559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111238.690559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111238.690559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111238.690559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111238.690559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     51784783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51784783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     51784783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51784783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     51784783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51784783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105253.623984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105253.623984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105253.623984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105253.623984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105253.623984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105253.623984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
