
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010637                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10637222559                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               536824207323                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 283079                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   357469                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 186710                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67752908                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 56971.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16127556135                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20365706843                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       363776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       386944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       385024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       207360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       387840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       364544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       236800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       143232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       364160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       236928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       388736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       368384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       365184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       386560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4871168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           68352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1009280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1009280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2842                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         3030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2845                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2878                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 38056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            7885                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 7885                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     34198401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       360996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     36376413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       397096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     36195915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     19493810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       385063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     36460645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     34270600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       300830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     22261450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13465169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       397096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     34234500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       324897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     22273483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     36544878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       385063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     34631597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       433196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     34330766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       397096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     36340313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               457936080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       360996                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       397096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       385063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       300830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       397096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       324897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       385063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       433196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       397096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6425738                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          94881911                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               94881911                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          94881911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     34198401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       360996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     36376413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       397096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     36195915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     19493810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       385063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     36460645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     34270600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       300830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     22261450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13465169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       397096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     34234500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       324897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     22273483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     36544878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       385063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     34631597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       433196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     34330766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       397096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     36340313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              552817991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2211622                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841424                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202656                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847407                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808463                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237787                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19232863                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12130624                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2211622                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1046250                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2528649                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        565847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      1755397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           92                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1196066                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193707                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23883013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21354364     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         154881      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         195427      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         310270      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130585      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         168465      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         195448      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          89908      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1283665      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23883013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.086700                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.475544                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19124417                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1879717                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2516605                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336386                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14830321                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19144232                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         61943                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1763147                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2497970                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        54664                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14739222                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         7768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        38085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20581365                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     68540416                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     68540416                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17188036                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3393315                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          192865                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383544                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       721248                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164669                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14387047                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13791889                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13630                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1767312                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3615256                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23883013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18039416     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2664970     11.16%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089735      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610477      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827803      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254954      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250300      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134628      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10730      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23883013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94433     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13036     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12357     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11617700     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188562      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265188      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718734      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13791889                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.540669                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119826                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51600247                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16158034                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13429420                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13911715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10171                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266202                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11027                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         47083                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6105                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390638                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383544                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721248                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5377                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119011                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114386                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233397                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13549188                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243424                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1962057                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1915317                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           718633                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.531155                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13429520                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13429420                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         8047623                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        21620823                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.526460                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2068328                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       204168                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23521960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18304442     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645178     11.25%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960518      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477738      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437309      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183321      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181962      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86621      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244871      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23521960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12322356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1827560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1117339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1785946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11094269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       254460                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       244871                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37667695                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29142443                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                294184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1625915                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12322356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.550892                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.550892                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60962574                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18765449                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13711931                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1788941                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1462766                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177142                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       760033                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         704351                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183504                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7968                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17361501                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10142884                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1788941                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       887855                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2124889                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        513187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       875075                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1069583                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178073                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     20693664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       18568775     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         115474      0.56%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         181343      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         287298      1.39%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         120686      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         136577      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         142689      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          93879      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1046943      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     20693664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070130                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.397621                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       17198544                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1039747                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2118019                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         5445                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       331907                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       293318                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12384002                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1583                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       331907                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       17224455                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        251861                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       711747                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2097944                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        75748                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12374040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         3277                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        21255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        27691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5280                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     17175777                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     57552873                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     57552873                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     14645162                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2530610                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3224                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1808                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          226170                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1182127                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       634948                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19072                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       144226                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         12355254                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3232                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        11691038                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15704                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1570537                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3503050                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          379                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20693664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15760826     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1981162      9.57%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1082940      5.23%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       739005      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688717      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198672      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       153648      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52687      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36007      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20693664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2764     12.77%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8254     38.12%     50.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10633     49.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9792997     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184525      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1416      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1081824      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       630276      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     11691038                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.458312                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21651                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001852                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44113095                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13929178                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11501286                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     11712689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35470                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215653                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20418                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          756                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       331907                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        171995                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10914                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12358506                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3113                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1182127                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       634948                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1807                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8185                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102273                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101804                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       204077                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11524038                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1017762                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       167000                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1647655                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1622208                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           629893                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.451765                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             11501508                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            11501286                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6725202                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        17559622                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.450873                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382992                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8602233                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     10544028                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1814567                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2853                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       180636                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20361757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16079953     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2073595     10.18%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       807894      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       435388      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       325288      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181534      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112544      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100093      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245468      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20361757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8602233                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     10544028                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1581004                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              966474                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1424                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1513456                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         9501039                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       214215                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       245468                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           32474832                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          25049131                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                283104                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               4815264                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8602233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            10544028                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8602233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.965384                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.965384                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.337224                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.337224                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       51965517                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      15944518                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      11551808                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         2850                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1747884                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1576697                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93288                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       658561                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         621577                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96226                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4102                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18530441                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             10989080                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1747884                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       717803                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2171890                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        294852                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      2381463                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1064788                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93520                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23283110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21111220     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          77057      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         157576      0.68%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          67373      0.29%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         359847      1.55%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         321775      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          61990      0.27%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         130498      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         995774      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23283110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068520                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.430793                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       18340797                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2572555                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2163936                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         6773                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       199044                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       153728                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     12885809                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1435                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       199044                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       18365789                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2373592                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       114099                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2148389                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        82192                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     12878167                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        40002                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        27414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2181                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     15129389                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     60647018                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     60647018                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     13376383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        1753001                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1504                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          766                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          191542                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      3035709                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      1533602                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14155                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        74316                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         12851283                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1508                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12338245                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7451                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1019760                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2461099                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23283110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.321152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18857111     80.99%     80.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1346659      5.78%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1094952      4.70%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       472550      2.03%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       591843      2.54%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       560213      2.41%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       318656      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25349      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15777      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23283110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30957     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237324     86.23%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6944      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7742946     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       107781      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          738      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2957183     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1529597     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12338245                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.483683                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275225                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48242276                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13872890                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12231467                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12613470                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22422                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122352                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          341                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10384                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1086                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       199044                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2313461                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        23481                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12852802                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          137                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3035709                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1533602                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          766                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14576                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          341                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53348                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55598                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       108946                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12251662                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2947373                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86583                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            4476819                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1604668                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          1529446                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.480289                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12231863                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12231467                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6609318                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        13052795                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.479497                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.506353                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9927158                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11666107                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1188060                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1486                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        95098                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23084066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18838558     81.61%     81.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1560579      6.76%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       728235      3.15%     91.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       716611      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       197921      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       820074      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        61994      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45545      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       114549      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23084066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9927158                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11666107                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              4436572                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             2913354                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               742                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1540032                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10374461                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       112959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       114549                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           35823658                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          25907415                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                399369                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2225818                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9927158                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11666107                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9927158                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.569610                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.569610                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.389164                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.389164                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       60560111                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      14211841                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      15333209                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1484                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1744836                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1573784                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93867                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       783984                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         622397                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96159                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4107                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18531350                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             10971756                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1744836                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       718556                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2169337                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        294604                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      2357445                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1065436                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94173                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23256547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.856744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21087210     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          77169      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         157816      0.68%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          67372      0.29%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         359052      1.54%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         321899      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          62926      0.27%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         129900      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         993203      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23256547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.068401                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.430114                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       18342516                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2547649                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2161373                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         6824                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       198180                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       153555                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          235                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12864904                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1448                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       198180                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       18367435                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2340702                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       120114                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2145737                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        84374                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12857118                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           69                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        41200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        27668                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3001                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     15103952                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     60549310                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     60549310                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     13360132                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        1743808                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1500                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          764                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          193064                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3033157                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1533015                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14085                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        74148                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12829933                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12327852                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7409                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1005582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2405204                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23256547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.530081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18827609     80.96%     80.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1351754      5.81%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1097661      4.72%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       471756      2.03%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       589490      2.53%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       559030      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       318148      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25282      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15817      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23256547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30818     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       236790     86.24%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6963      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7735052     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       107514      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          736      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2955836     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1528714     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12327852                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.483276                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            274571                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022272                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48194231                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13837357                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12221206                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12602423                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22763                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       121773                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          340                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1082                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       198180                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2279030                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        22561                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12831447                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          145                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3033157                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1533015                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          764                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        13770                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          340                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54496                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55129                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       109625                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12241309                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2946132                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86543                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            4474633                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1603220                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1528501                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.479883                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12221608                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12221206                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6603030                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        13033598                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.479095                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506616                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9916692                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11653506                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1179036                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1482                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        95712                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23058367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18815298     81.60%     81.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1560850      6.77%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       728643      3.16%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       716050      3.11%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       196937      0.85%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       818672      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        61927      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45370      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       114620      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23058367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9916692                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11653506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              4433465                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             2911377                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               740                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1538292                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10363176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       112766                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       114620                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           35776263                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          25863301                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                399940                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2252381                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9916692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11653506                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9916692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.572322                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.572322                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.388754                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.388754                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       60515727                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      14198733                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      15313982                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1480                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1885969                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1546422                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186091                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       794671                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         735631                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193752                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8444                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18006843                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             10713768                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1885969                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       929383                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2355866                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        528620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1657889                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1110322                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184774                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     22359879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20004013     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         254641      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         294678      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         162859      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         185903      0.83%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         103777      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          71017      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         182269      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1100722      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     22359879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073934                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.420001                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       17859022                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1808986                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2335565                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        19001                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       337303                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       305925                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         1979                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13077349                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        10306                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       337303                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       17888193                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        551666                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1176566                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2326144                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        80005                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13067872                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        20121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        37153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     18160109                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     60840592                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     60840592                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     15496479                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2663623                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3451                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1941                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          217526                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1251955                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       679371                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17117                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       150099                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13044837                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3462                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12328628                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17929                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1631388                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3773306                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          416                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22359879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17165835     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2089225      9.34%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1122846      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       776305      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       678699      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       347086      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85061      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54372      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40450      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22359879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3124     11.68%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11565     43.25%     54.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12053     45.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10317454     83.69%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192373      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1509      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1143078      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       674214      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12328628                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.483306                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26742                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002169                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47061806                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14679827                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12120119                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12355370                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30928                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224774                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           70                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14781                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          755                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          294                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       337303                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        517754                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12916                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13048327                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4744                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1251955                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       679371                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1941                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8980                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107575                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104296                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       211871                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12143910                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1072411                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184718                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1746430                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1699930                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           674019                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.476065                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12120437                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12120119                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7203832                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        18863547                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.475132                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381892                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9100935                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11166033                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1882516                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3046                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       186971                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22022576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507027                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17459936     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2116268      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       886578      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       532325      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       369155      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       238776      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       123812      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99546      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       196180      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22022576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9100935                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11166033                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1691771                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1027181                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1520                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1598158                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10066610                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       227219                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       196180                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           34874880                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          26434426                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                277160                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3149049                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9100935                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11166033                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9100935                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.802891                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.802891                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.356774                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.356774                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       54782846                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      16821056                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12206113                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3042                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1748888                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1577695                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93378                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       659763                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         623017                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96158                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4052                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18555549                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             10994940                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1748888                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       719175                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2173162                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        294504                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      2368292                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1066080                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93640                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23298073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21124911     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          77043      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         157316      0.68%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          67305      0.29%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         360796      1.55%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         321890      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          62649      0.27%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         130567      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         995596      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23298073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068560                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.431023                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       18349244                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      2578209                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2165253                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         6755                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       198607                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       153745                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12892750                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1425                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       198607                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       18375455                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       2378260                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       111859                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2148805                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        85082                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12884982                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           43                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        43135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        28663                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          629                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     15135750                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     60682810                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     60682810                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     13388613                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        1747131                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1504                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          766                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          200791                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      3037169                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      1535008                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14248                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        73772                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12857394                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1506                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12345557                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7070                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1014985                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2453027                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23298073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18861463     80.96%     80.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1355220      5.82%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1098963      4.72%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       472378      2.03%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       591524      2.54%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       558902      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       318498      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25317      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15808      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23298073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30968     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       236670     86.19%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6951      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7747256     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       107751      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          738      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2958838     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1530974     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12345557                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.483970                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            274589                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022242                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48270846                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13874225                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12239487                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12620146                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22051                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       121159                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          341                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10418                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1084                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       198607                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2313134                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25060                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12858912                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3037169                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1535008                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          764                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15235                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          341                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53736                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55347                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       109083                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12259197                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2949072                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86360                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            4479875                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1605463                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          1530803                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.480585                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12239882                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12239487                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6612384                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        13066329                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.479812                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.506063                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9936260                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11676795                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1183374                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1486                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        95189                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23099466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505501                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18847599     81.59%     81.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1565032      6.78%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       729906      3.16%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       716232      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       199038      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       818763      3.54%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62160      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45560      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       115176      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23099466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9936260                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11676795                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              4440592                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             2916007                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               742                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1541461                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10383964                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       113070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       115176                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35844433                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          25918980                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                399129                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2210855                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9936260                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11676795                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9936260                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.567256                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.567256                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.389521                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.389521                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       60600711                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      14219838                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      15342489                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1484                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25506125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1786765                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1461053                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177263                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       759141                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         703539                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183302                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7948                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17351393                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10132071                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1786765                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       886841                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2122574                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        513460                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       897347                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1069116                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178186                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     20703689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       18581115     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         115387      0.56%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         181000      0.87%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         287212      1.39%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         120547      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         135668      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         142619      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          93945      0.45%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1046196      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     20703689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070052                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.397241                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       17188774                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1061678                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2115778                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         5376                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       332081                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       292961                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          271                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12372015                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1598                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       332081                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       17214848                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        242708                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       736946                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2095542                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        81562                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12362787                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         9124                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        21282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        28017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        10545                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     17159424                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     57501120                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     57501120                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     14627505                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2531708                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3130                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1716                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          227564                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1181320                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       634285                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19100                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       143641                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12343377                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3134                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        11678358                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15776                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1569971                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3509841                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          286                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20703689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15776427     76.20%     76.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1979803      9.56%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1080922      5.22%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       738032      3.56%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       687724      3.32%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198067      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       153788      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52752      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36174      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20703689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2800     12.94%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8242     38.10%     51.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10590     48.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9782611     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184224      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1414      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1080534      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       629575      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     11678358                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.457865                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21632                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001852                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44097813                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13916641                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11487657                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     11699990                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34576                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215950                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          168                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20465                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          761                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       332081                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        166634                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10670                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12346531                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3438                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1181320                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       634285                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1712                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7931                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          168                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102557                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101591                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       204148                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11510127                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1015706                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168231                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1644908                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1619961                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           629202                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.451269                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11487919                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11487657                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6716935                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        17541556                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.450388                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382916                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8591949                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     10531438                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1814975                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2848                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       180731                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20371608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16095289     79.01%     79.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2070820     10.17%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       807159      3.96%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       434516      2.13%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       324494      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181586      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112545      0.55%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100016      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245183      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20371608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8591949                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     10531438                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1579164                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              965351                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1422                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1511636                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         9489736                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       213972                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       245183                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           32472786                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          25025136                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                283281                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               4802436                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8591949                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            10531438                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8591949                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.968608                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.968608                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.336858                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.336858                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       51901596                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      15926572                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      11538857                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         2844                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1738276                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1556686                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       139453                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1165296                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1149661                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100673                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4114                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18453333                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              9885477                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1738276                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1250334                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2202547                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        461611                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       768331                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1117477                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       136525                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     21745616                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       19543069     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         340709      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         165693      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         336932      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         102308      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         313462      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          47959      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          77832      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         817652      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     21745616                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068144                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.387530                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       18287092                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       939092                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2198084                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1730                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       319614                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       159350                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         1791                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     11013065                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         4356                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       319614                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       18306543                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        611903                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       266687                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2178418                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        62447                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     10995693                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         8445                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        47606                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     14363406                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     49764940                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     49764940                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     11589777                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2773629                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1427                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          725                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          145012                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      2024588                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       312140                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1998                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        70646                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         10937678                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1432                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        10223297                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6843                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2018030                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4150768                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21745616                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.081999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17265179     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1386497      6.38%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1527703      7.03%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       874836      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       443912      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112040      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129746      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3062      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2641      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21745616                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16754     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6946     23.71%     80.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5599     19.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7989571     78.15%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77369      0.76%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          703      0.01%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1846570     18.06%     96.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       309084      3.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     10223297                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.400773                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29299                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     42228352                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12957171                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9960486                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     10252596                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7872                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       418995                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8610                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       319614                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        542441                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7494                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10939117                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2024588                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       312140                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          723                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3683                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          214                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        93876                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53891                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       147767                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10096407                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1821301                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       126890                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2130360                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1538102                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           309059                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.395799                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              9963192                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             9960486                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6033994                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        12982633                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.390471                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.464774                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7942039                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      8906089                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2033502                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1419                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       138389                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21426002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.284093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18128675     84.61%     84.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1282839      5.99%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       836050      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       261546      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       440782      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83906      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        52835      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        48108      0.22%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       291261      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21426002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      7942039                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      8906089                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1909123                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1605593                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               708                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1369642                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         7772742                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       108071                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       291261                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           32074306                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          22199056                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                418176                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               3763312                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           7942039                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             8906089                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      7942039                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.211887                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.211887                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.311344                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.311344                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       46991353                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      12938911                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      11761138                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1418                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1979470                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1619455                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195383                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       809230                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         776646                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204093                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8825                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19067874                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11073491                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1979470                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       980739                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2308998                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        534558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       974941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1168019                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       195406                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     22688469                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599394                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935867                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20379471     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         106884      0.47%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         169725      0.75%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         231355      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         237543      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         201185      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         113237      0.50%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         169131      0.75%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1079938      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     22688469                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077599                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.434103                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       18874645                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1170150                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2304510                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2769                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       336394                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       325828                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13586275                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1544                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       336394                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       18925845                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        161865                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       889953                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2256638                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       117771                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13581019                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        16763                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        50867                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     18952623                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     63177229                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     63177229                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16399684                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2552928                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3303                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1690                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          354041                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1271194                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       688219                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7946                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       221178                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13564330                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3314                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12873199                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1935                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1515166                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3636501                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           64                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22688469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17198822     75.80%     75.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2290911     10.10%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1150662      5.07%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840214      3.70%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       664245      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       271440      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170900      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        89458      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11817      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22688469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2633     12.37%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7854     36.91%     49.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10793     50.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10827212     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192092      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1612      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1166361      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       685922      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12873199                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.504655                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21280                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001653                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48458080                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15082872                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12677898                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12894479                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25508                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       205695                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10373                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       336394                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        133913                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11643                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13567663                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1271194                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       688219                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1691                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9855                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113243                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109963                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       223206                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12693708                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1096700                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179489                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1782567                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1803199                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           685867                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.497618                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12678016                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12677898                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7275763                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        19611098                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.496998                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371002                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9560063                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11763935                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1803734                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3250                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       197597                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22352075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17487617     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2429326     10.87%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       901732      4.03%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       429939      1.92%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       384591      1.72%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209432      0.94%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168433      0.75%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        82834      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258171      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22352075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9560063                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11763935                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1743341                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1065495                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1622                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1696445                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10599191                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       242317                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       258171                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           35661508                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          27471763                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                290595                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2820459                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9560063                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11763935                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9560063                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.668280                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.668280                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.374773                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.374773                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       57127400                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      17660800                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12594128                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3246                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25508630                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1790184                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1463831                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177640                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       763560                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         705308                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183737                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7921                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17395799                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             10154031                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1790184                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       889045                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2127186                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        514109                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       844107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1071687                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178535                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     20699715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.943300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       18572529     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         114956      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         181638      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         288190      1.39%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         120657      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         136170      0.66%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         143643      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          94323      0.46%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1047609      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     20699715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070180                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.398063                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       17231981                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1009632                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2120328                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         5440                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       332332                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       293496                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     12398635                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1581                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       332332                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       17257744                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        212488                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       720680                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2100406                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        76063                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     12389614                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         3124                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        21219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        28073                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4935                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     17198870                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     57625153                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     57625153                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     14668506                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2530287                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3171                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1753                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          227873                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1183131                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       635652                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19108                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       144128                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         12371839                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3178                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        11710262                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15405                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1567338                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3490986                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          321                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20699715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15759329     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1984412      9.59%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1084058      5.24%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       739785      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       690159      3.33%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198997      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       154138      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52766      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36071      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20699715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2808     12.95%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8267     38.13%     51.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10606     48.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9810093     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184720      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1418      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1082886      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       631145      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     11710262                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.459071                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21681                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001851                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44157325                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13942509                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11519701                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     11731943                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35066                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215092                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           30                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20122                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          746                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       332332                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        144881                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10838                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12375035                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          193                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1183131                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       635652                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1751                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8099                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103143                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101622                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       204765                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11541725                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1018296                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168537                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1649121                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1624406                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           630825                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.452464                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             11519892                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            11519701                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6735342                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        17588663                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.451600                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382937                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8615917                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     10560869                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1814132                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2857                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       181136                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20367383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16079045     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2076582     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       809554      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       435626      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       325380      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       182188      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       113035      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100153      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245820      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20367383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      8615917                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     10560869                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1583547                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              968028                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1426                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1515876                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         9516248                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       214574                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       245820                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           32496512                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          25082442                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                283839                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               4808915                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           8615917                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            10560869                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      8615917                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.960640                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.960640                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.337765                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.337765                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       52044869                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      15970343                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      11564800                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         2854                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1742697                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1560356                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       139498                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1167201                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1151127                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101093                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4107                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18482680                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              9911145                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1742697                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1252220                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2207936                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        462179                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       761222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1119218                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       136590                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     21773766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       19565830     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         341174      1.57%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         166277      0.76%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         337320      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         102610      0.47%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         313771      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          48168      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          78081      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         820535      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     21773766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068317                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.388536                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       18316411                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       932039                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2203458                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1723                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       320131                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       160015                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1797                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     11044584                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       320131                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       18335897                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        607842                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       263553                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2183690                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        62649                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     11026992                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         8423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        47736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     14407080                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     49912537                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     49912537                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     11624614                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2782424                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1432                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          727                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          146044                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2027483                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       313781                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1978                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        71192                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         10968570                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1436                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        10251620                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6800                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2023666                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4163397                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21773766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17282158     79.37%     79.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1390094      6.38%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1530374      7.03%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       877342      4.03%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       444828      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112754      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       130466      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3126      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2624      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21773766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16800     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6955     23.68%     80.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5617     19.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8013345     78.17%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77791      0.76%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          706      0.01%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1849117     18.04%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       310661      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     10251620                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.401884                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29372                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     42313174                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12993704                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9988557                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     10280992                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8168                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       419278                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8859                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       320131                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        538500                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7572                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10970014                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          482                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2027483                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       313781                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          725                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3734                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          210                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        93760                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54198                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       147958                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10124185                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1823754                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       127431                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2134388                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1542013                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           310634                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.396888                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              9991238                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             9988557                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6051458                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        13030679                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.391571                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.464401                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7962771                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      8931362                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2039076                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1423                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       138431                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21453635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.284822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18146292     84.58%     84.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1286912      6.00%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       838619      3.91%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       262634      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       441732      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84217      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53165      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        48205      0.22%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       291859      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21453635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      7962771                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      8931362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1913124                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1608205                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               710                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1373337                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         7795410                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       108571                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       291859                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           32132188                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          22261288                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                418513                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               3735162                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           7962771                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             8931362                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      7962771                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.203524                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.203524                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.312156                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.312156                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       47118479                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      12977550                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      11790615                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1422                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2209978                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1840041                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202503                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       846763                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807850                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237615                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9496                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19218628                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12121511                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2209978                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1045465                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2526756                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        565437                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      1771320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2876                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           48                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1195181                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193566                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23880710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21353954     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         154768      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         195267      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         310036      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         130488      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         168335      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         195309      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          89856      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1282697      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23880710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086635                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.475187                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19108422                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1895546                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2514723                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       360798                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       336145                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14819308                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       360798                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19128222                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         61933                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1779034                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2496099                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        54620                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14728307                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         7755                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        38058                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     20565969                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     68489669                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     68489669                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     17174936                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3391023                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3566                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1861                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          192783                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382540                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       720735                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8104                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       164554                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14376330                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3580                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        13781535                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13621                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1766175                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3613047                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23880710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18041511     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2662938     11.15%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1088947      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610010      2.55%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827172      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254768      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250127      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134513      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10724      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23880710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94355     78.80%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13029     10.88%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12351     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11608913     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188422      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1704      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264269      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718227      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     13781535                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.540263                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119735                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51577136                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16146176                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13419326                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13901270                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10162                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266028                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11029                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       360798                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         47069                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6111                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14379917                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382540                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       720735                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5384                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118904                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114310                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       233214                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13539013                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1242513                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242522                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1960633                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1913878                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           718120                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.530756                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13419426                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13419326                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8041527                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        21604481                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.526064                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9992409                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12313057                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2066909                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3441                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       204013                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23519912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18306341     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2643174     11.24%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959781      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477389      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       436976      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183186      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181822      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86556      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244687      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23519912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9992409                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12313057                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1826215                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1116509                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1716                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1784609                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11085904                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       254277                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       244687                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           37655113                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          29120756                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                293966                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1628218                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9992409                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12313057                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9992409                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.552831                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.552831                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.391722                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.391722                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       60916783                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      18751200                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13701673                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3438                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1753800                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1582105                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93723                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       663455                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         624291                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96271                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4063                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18600724                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11026275                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1753800                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       720562                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2179384                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        295842                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      2339963                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1068831                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93963                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23319926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.554806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.858946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21140542     90.65%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          77511      0.33%     90.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         157834      0.68%     91.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          67576      0.29%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         361237      1.55%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         322928      1.38%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          62401      0.27%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         131037      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         998860      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23319926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068752                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.432252                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       18411845                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      2530287                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2171407                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         6790                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       199592                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       154162                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     12929508                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1455                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       199592                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       18436666                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2335084                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       112902                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2156161                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        79516                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     12921988                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        39363                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        27213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          476                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     15181041                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     60855207                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     60855207                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     13424029                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        1757006                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1509                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          769                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          189891                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      3045554                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      1538914                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14380                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        74976                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         12894866                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1512                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12379478                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7142                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1021161                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2469698                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23319926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.530854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.321928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18877443     80.95%     80.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1352980      5.80%     86.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1098377      4.71%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       474948      2.04%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       593908      2.55%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       561339      2.41%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       319804      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25267      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15860      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23319926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31291     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237860     86.14%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6967      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7769463     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108175      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          740      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2966322     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1534778     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12379478                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.485300                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276118                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022304                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48362142                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13917878                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12272754                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12655596                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22482                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122205                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          340                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10474                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1087                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       199592                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2276280                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        23432                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12896392                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          126                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3045554                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1538914                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          768                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14453                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          340                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53816                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55698                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       109514                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12292614                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2956722                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86864                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            4491309                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1609986                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          1534587                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.481895                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12273159                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12272754                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         6632226                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        13102558                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.481116                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.506178                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9962217                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11707315                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1190425                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1490                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        95533                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23120334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506364                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.325545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18859103     81.57%     81.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1567426      6.78%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       730845      3.16%     91.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       718238      3.11%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       199255      0.86%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       822226      3.56%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62495      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45603      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       115143      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23120334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9962217                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11707315                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              4451781                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             2923346                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               744                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1545526                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10411098                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       113378                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       115143                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           35902905                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          25995114                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                400660                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2189002                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9962217                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11707315                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9962217                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.560567                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.560567                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390538                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390538                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       60763271                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      14259405                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      15384821                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1787000                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1461961                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177652                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       761940                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         704623                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183222                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7915                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17362775                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             10136255                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1787000                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       887845                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2124258                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        514974                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       871706                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1070028                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178527                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     20692227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       18567969     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         115485      0.56%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         181563      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         287864      1.39%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         120783      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         135550      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         142939      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          93652      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1046422      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     20692227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070054                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.397361                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       17199383                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1036816                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2117471                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         5359                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       333196                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       292225                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     12377246                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1581                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       333196                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       17225282                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        241874                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       719425                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2097385                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        75063                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     12367390                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents         2416                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        21338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        27744                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4560                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     17166864                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     57523540                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     57523540                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     14626545                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2540304                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3190                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1774                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          225945                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1182190                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       634311                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19031                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       144292                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         12348427                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3197                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        11680855                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15851                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1578654                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3520737                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          348                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20692227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15762753     76.18%     76.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1980643      9.57%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1081943      5.23%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       738560      3.57%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       687668      3.32%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198701      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       153220      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52763      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        35976      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20692227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2754     12.75%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8241     38.17%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10598     49.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9785267     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184290      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1414      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1080414      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       629470      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     11680855                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.457912                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21593                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001849                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44091380                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13930431                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11490307                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     11702448                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34973                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216940                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20561                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          761                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       333196                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        166358                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10843                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12351648                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3148                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1182190                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       634311                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1774                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8090                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103103                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101632                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       204735                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11512834                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1015980                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168020                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1645053                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1619563                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           629073                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.451326                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             11490511                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            11490307                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         6719262                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        17548228                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.450443                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382903                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8591283                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     10530640                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1821047                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2849                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       181136                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20359031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16082152     78.99%     78.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2070934     10.17%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       807636      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       434831      2.14%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       324423      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181481      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112840      0.55%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100068      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244666      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20359031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      8591283                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     10530640                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1579000                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              965250                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1422                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1511533                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         9488983                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       213949                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       244666                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           32466000                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          25036612                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                283455                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               4816701                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           8591283                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            10530640                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      8591283                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.969164                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.969164                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.336795                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.336795                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       51915036                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      15931740                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      11543075                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         2846                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25508485                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1785519                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1460144                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177236                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       762097                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         703698                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183268                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7917                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17352947                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10124947                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1785519                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       886966                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2121192                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        512718                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       881645                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles          285                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1068994                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178091                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     20687731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       18566539     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         114784      0.55%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         180520      0.87%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         287430      1.39%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         120543      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         136043      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         143027      0.69%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          94409      0.46%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1044436      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     20687731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.069997                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.396925                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       17191656                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1044933                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2114437                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         5347                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       331356                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       292522                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          269                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12364558                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1583                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       331356                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       17216867                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        246045                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       724975                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2095037                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        73449                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12355305                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        21170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        27456                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3626                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     17148421                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     57466190                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     57466190                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     14627521                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2520687                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3240                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1823                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          223605                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1180915                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       634335                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19011                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       143723                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12338147                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3250                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        11678103                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15630                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1567115                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3483206                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          400                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20687731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15760019     76.18%     76.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1980878      9.58%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1080297      5.22%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       736978      3.56%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688697      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198756      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       153414      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52891      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        35801      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20687731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2770     12.82%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8255     38.21%     51.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10577     48.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9782674     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184218      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1414      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1080260      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       629537      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     11678103                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.457812                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21602                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001850                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44081169                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13908670                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11488345                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     11699705                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34787                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215542                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           43                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          165                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20515                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          755                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       331356                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        169285                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10568                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12341417                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          234                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1180915                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       634335                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1826                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7799                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          165                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102916                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101386                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       204302                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11510860                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1016122                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       167243                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1645326                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1619459                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           629204                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.451256                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11488555                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11488345                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6716649                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        17543182                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.450373                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382864                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8591959                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     10531448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1809840                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2850                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       180712                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20356375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16079305     78.99%     78.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2071303     10.18%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       807322      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       434850      2.14%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       324787      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181322      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112406      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99883      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245197      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20356375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8591959                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     10531448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1579168                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              965353                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1422                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1511638                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         9489744                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       213972                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       245197                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           32452414                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          25014162                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                282891                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               4820754                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8591959                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            10531448                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8591959                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.968879                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.968879                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.336827                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.336827                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       51906326                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      15925921                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      11532052                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         2848                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25507556                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1746379                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1575651                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93572                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       658973                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         622022                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96038                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4084                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18529341                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10981783                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1746379                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       718060                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2170769                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        295326                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      2391195                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           35                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1064895                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93824                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23290812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.856502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21120043     90.68%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          77133      0.33%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         157408      0.68%     91.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          67329      0.29%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         359946      1.55%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         321651      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          62118      0.27%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         130541      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         994643      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23290812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.068465                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.430531                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       18334302                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2587656                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2162869                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         6746                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       199234                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       153286                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          236                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     12877254                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1455                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       199234                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       18359414                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2391143                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       111141                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2147159                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        82716                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     12869683                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        41939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        27578                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          820                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     15117053                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     60611097                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     60611097                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     13364957                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        1751990                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1502                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          765                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          193208                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      3035050                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      1533162                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14023                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        74866                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         12842558                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1507                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12328519                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7189                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1019455                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2464218                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23290812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320390                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18865662     81.00%     81.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1349425      5.79%     86.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1093851      4.70%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       471897      2.03%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       590572      2.54%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       559865      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       318498      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25236      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15806      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23290812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31063     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237300     86.19%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6965      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7735078     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       107629      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          737      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2956065     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1529010     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12328519                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.483328                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275328                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022333                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48230367                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13863863                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12222005                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12603847                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22254                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122466                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          344                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10423                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1085                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       199234                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2329134                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        23502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12844073                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          157                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3035050                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1533162                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          765                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14428                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          344                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53835                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55430                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       109265                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12241995                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2946419                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86524                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            4475252                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1602775                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          1528833                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.479936                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12222387                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12222005                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         6604916                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        13047081                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.479152                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506237                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9920535                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11657862                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1187482                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1486                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        95375                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23091578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18848503     81.63%     81.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1560742      6.76%     88.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       727941      3.15%     91.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       715231      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       197557      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       819196      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62173      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45581      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       114654      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23091578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9920535                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11657862                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              4435309                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             2912577                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               742                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1538809                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10367059                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       112786                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       114654                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           35822242                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          25890031                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                399688                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2216744                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9920535                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11657862                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9920535                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.571188                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.571188                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.388925                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.388925                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       60518806                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      14197816                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      15324707                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1484                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.417097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         182392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        62.143782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.417097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    32.845668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   412.018783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1564.135549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.016038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.201181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.763738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  2766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   2782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2780                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  2782                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     787166644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      787166644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     787166644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              3654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               3670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              3670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.234985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.241962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.241962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611255203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    709190286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611255203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    709190286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611255203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    709190286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.234985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719970.792697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798637.709459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719970.792697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798637.709459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719970.792697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798637.709459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2877                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.585327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         123109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         4925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        24.996751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.210751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    19.769743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   838.983690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1176.621143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.009653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.409660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.574522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            719                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 719                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3410                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3411                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2842                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2876                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53109734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2638573051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2691682785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5496863                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5496863                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53109734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2644069914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     2697179648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53109734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2644069914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    2697179648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              6275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          719                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             719                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               6287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              6287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.457452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.457452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1562051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 929729.757223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 937215.454387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1374215.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1374215.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1562051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 930355.353272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 937823.243394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1562051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 930355.353272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 937823.243394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                445                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     445                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     50123338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2389360455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2439483793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5145663                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5145663                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     50123338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2394506118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2444629456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     50123338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2394506118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2444629456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1474215.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 841917.003171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849402.434889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1286415.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1286415.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1474215.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 842542.617171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850010.242003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1474215.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 842542.617171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850010.242003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         3053                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.934313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         154680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         5101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        30.323466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.535967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.781204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1113.183671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         916.433472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.543547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.447477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  4123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1254                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                1254                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   4123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4122                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  4123                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                3047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 3053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3023                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                3053                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66428150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2867350268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2933778418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     10340666                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     10340666                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66428150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2877690934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     2944119084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66428150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2877690934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    2944119084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              7170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            1254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               7176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              7176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.422608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.424965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.423093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.425446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.423093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.425446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2214271.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 950397.834935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962841.620610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1723444.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1723444.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2214271.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 951932.164737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 964336.417950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2214271.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 951932.164737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 964336.417950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                543                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     543                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            3053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           3053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63794150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2602457668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2666251818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9813866                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9813866                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63794150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2612271534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2676065684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63794150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2612271534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2676065684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.422608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.423093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.423093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2126471.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 862597.834935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875041.620610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1635644.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635644.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2126471.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 864132.164737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876536.417950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2126471.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 864132.164737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876536.417950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         3041                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.936421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         154680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         5089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        30.394970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.553243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.125460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1110.658013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         918.599705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.542313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.448535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  4120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   4120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4119                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  4120                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                3035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 3041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3008                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                3041                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     62928327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2866862422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2929790749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8142132                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8142132                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     62928327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2875004554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     2937932881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     62928327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2875004554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    2937932881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              7155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               7161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              7161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.421570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.424179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.422057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.424661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.422057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.424661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1906919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 954984.151233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 965334.678418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1357022                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1357022                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1906919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955786.088431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 966107.491286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1906919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955786.088431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 966107.491286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                541                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     541                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            3041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           3041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60030198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2603232535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2663262733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7615332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7615332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60030198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2610847867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2670878065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60030198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2610847867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2670878065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.421570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.422057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.422057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1819096.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 867166.067622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877516.551236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1269222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1269222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1819096.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 867968.040891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878289.399868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1819096.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 867968.040891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878289.399868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1654                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.472396                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         180065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3702                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        48.639924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.541095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    23.700754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   718.424327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1254.806220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.011573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.350793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.612698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3337                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3338                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1620                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1654                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66262454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1379196302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1445458756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1798019                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1798019                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66262454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1380994321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1447256775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66262454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1380994321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1447256775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              4975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               4992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              4992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.327530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.332060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.326811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.331330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.326811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.331330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1948895.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 852408.097651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 874975.033898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 899009.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 899009.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1948895.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 852465.630247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 875004.096131                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1948895.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 852465.630247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 875004.096131                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                950                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     950                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     63277254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1237116114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1300393368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1622419                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1622419                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     63277254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1238738533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1302015787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     63277254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1238738533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1302015787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.327530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.326811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.326811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1861095.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 764595.867738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 787163.055690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 811209.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811209.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1861095.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 764653.415432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 787192.132406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1861095.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 764653.415432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 787192.132406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         3062                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.935638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         154691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         5110                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        30.272211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.554168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.864880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1112.091787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         917.424803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.543014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.447961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  4127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1261                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                1261                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   4127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4126                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  4127                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                3056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 3062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3030                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                3062                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     62984956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2880917099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2943902055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7529965                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7529965                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     62984956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2888447064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     2951432020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     62984956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2888447064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    2951432020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              7183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1261                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            1261                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               7189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              7189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.422937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.425449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.423421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.425929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.423421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.425929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1968279.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 952684.225860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 963318.735275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1254994.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1254994.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1968279.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 953282.859406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 963890.274331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1968279.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 953282.859406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 963890.274331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                547                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     547                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            3062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           3062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     60175356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2615409899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2675585255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7003165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7003165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     60175356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2622413064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2682588420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     60175356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2622413064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2682588420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.422937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.423421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.423421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1880479.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 864884.225860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875518.735275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1167194.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1167194.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1880479.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 865482.859406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876090.274331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1880479.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 865482.859406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876090.274331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         2883                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.587098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         123112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         4931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        24.966944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.210475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    19.031102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   842.625416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1173.720104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.411438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.573106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            715                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 715                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3417                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3418                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 2884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2850                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                2884                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49403390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2632955083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2682358473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5419275                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5419275                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49403390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2638374358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     2687777748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49403390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2638374358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    2687777748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              6290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          715                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             715                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               6302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              6302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.454996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.454763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.457632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.454763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.457632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1453040.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 925142.334153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 931374.469792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1354818.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1354818.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1453040.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 925745.388772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 931961.771151                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1453040.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 925745.388772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 931961.771151                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                447                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     447                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            2884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           2884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     46418190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2383170817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2429589007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5068075                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5068075                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     46418190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2388238892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2434657082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     46418190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2388238892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2434657082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.454996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.454763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.454763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1365240.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 837375.550597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843607.294097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1267018.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1267018.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1365240.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 837978.558596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844194.549931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1365240.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 837978.558596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844194.549931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1875                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.855772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         121405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3923                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        30.946979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.819312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    18.137686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   894.725633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1105.173141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.008856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.436878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.539635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            581                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 581                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3266                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3267                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1850                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1875                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     29984652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1427319892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1457304544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     29984652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1427319892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1457304544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     29984652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1427319892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1457304544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              5136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          581                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             581                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               5142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              5142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.362035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.365070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.364644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.364644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1199386.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 771524.265946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 777229.090133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1199386.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 771524.265946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 777229.090133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1199386.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 771524.265946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 777229.090133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                273                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     273                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     27789652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1264856410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1292646062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     27789652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1264856410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1292646062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     27789652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1264856410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1292646062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.362035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1111586.080000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 683706.167568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 689411.233067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1111586.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 683706.167568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 689411.233067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1111586.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 683706.167568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 689411.233067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1159                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.545374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         158762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        49.504833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.267587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.837806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   547.658216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1441.781765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.015058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.267411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.703995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  2667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   2682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2680                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  2682                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1120                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1159                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63301709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    915343817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     978645526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63301709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    915343817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      978645526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63301709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    915343817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     978645526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              3826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               3841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              3841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.295905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1623120.743590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 817271.265179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 844387.856773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1623120.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 817271.265179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 844387.856773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1623120.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 817271.265179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 844387.856773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                492                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     492                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59877509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    816516940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    876394449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59877509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    816516940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    876394449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59877509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    816516940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    876394449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.295641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1535320.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 729684.486148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756817.313472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1535320.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 729684.486148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756817.313472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1535320.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 729684.486148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756817.313472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         2879                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.581766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         123143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         4927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        24.993505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.203303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    18.634355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   840.370624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1176.373484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.009099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.410337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.574401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            722                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 722                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3441                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3442                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                2875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 2879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2846                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                2879                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     41944684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2598586221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2640530905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5437715                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5437715                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     41944684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2604023936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     2645968620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     41944684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2604023936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    2645968620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              6309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          722                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             722                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               6321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              6321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.452908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.452680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.455466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.452680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.455466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1271051.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 914351.238916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 918445.532174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1359428.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1359428.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1271051.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 914976.787070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 919058.221605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1271051.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 914976.787070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 919058.221605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                445                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     445                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            2879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           2879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     39033034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2348018081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2387051115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5085015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5085015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     39033034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2353103096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2392136130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     39033034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2353103096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2392136130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.452908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.452680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.452680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1182819.212121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 826185.109430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830278.648696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1271253.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1271253.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1182819.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 826810.645116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830891.326850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1182819.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 826810.645116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830891.326850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1878                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.831516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         121425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3926                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        30.928426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.817728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    18.958721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   896.898234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1102.156833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.009257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.538163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            583                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 583                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3284                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3285                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1851                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1878                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     31658933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1416732692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1448391625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     31658933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1416732692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1448391625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     31658933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1416732692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1448391625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              5157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          583                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             583                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               5163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              5163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.364165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.363742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.363742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1172553.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 765387.732037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 771241.546858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1172553.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 765387.732037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 771241.546858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1172553.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 765387.732037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 771241.546858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                273                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     273                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     29288333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1254214892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1283503225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     29288333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1254214892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1283503225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     29288333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1254214892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1283503225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1084753.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 677587.732037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 683441.546858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1084753.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 677587.732037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 683441.546858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1084753.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 677587.732037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 683441.546858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.417880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         182390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        62.143101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.417880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    32.848355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   411.929281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1564.222364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.016039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.201137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.763780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   2780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2778                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  2780                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91517053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    697996132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     789513185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91517053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    697996132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      789513185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91517053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    697996132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     789513185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              3652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               3668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              3668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.235115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.234078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.242094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.234078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.242094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2346591.102564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 822139.142521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889091.424550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2346591.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 822139.142521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 889091.424550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2346591.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 822139.142521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 889091.424550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     88092276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    623425618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    711517894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     88092276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    623425618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    711517894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     88092276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    623425618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    711517894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.235115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.234078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.234078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2258776.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 734305.792697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801258.889640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2258776.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 734305.792697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801258.889640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2258776.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 734305.792697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801258.889640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         3071                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.935918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         154714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         5119                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        30.223481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.536470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.201989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1111.048298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         918.149162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.006935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.542504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.448315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  4146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1265                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                1265                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   4146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4145                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  4146                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                3065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 3071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3037                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                3071                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67715025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2826076453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2893791478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6877225                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6877225                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67715025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2832953678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     2900668703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67715025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2832953678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    2900668703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              7211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1265                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            1265                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               7217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              7217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.425045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.425523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.425523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1991618.382353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 932390.779611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944140.775856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1146204.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1146204.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1991618.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 932813.196576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944535.559427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1991618.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 932813.196576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944535.559427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                549                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     549                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            3071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           3071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64729825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2559937081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2624666906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6350425                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6350425                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64729825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2566287506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2631017331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64729825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2566287506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2631017331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1903818.382353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 844584.982184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856335.042741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1058404.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1058404.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1903818.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 845007.410603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856729.837512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1903818.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 845007.410603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856729.837512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         2911                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.595731                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         123097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         4959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        24.822948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.222809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    18.040575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   851.121517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1166.210830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.008809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.415587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.569439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            716                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 716                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3401                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3402                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                2906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 2910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2878                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                2910                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38593875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2670328073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2708921948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      4854229                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4854229                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38593875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2675182302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     2713776177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38593875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2675182302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    2713776177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              6300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          716                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             716                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               6312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              6312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.458593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.461270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.458353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.461027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.458353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.461027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1206058.593750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 929132.941197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932182.363386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1213557.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1213557.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1206058.593750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 929528.249479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 932569.132990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1206058.593750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 929528.249479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 932569.132990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                447                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     447                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            2910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           2910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     35782827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2417957698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2453740525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      4503029                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4503029                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     35782827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2422460727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2458243554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     35782827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2422460727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2458243554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.458593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.458353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.458353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1118213.343750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841321.398051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844370.449071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1125757.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1125757.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1118213.343750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841716.722377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844757.235052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1118213.343750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841716.722377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844757.235052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         2890                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.586071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         123122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         4938                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        24.933576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.208932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    20.200047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   840.045402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1175.131690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.009863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.410178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.573795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            718                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 718                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3424                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3425                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                2887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 2891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2855                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                2891                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62270446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2661849933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2724120379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4159068                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4159068                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62270446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2666009001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     2728279447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62270446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2666009001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    2728279447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              6304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          718                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             718                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               6316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              6316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.454923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.454690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.457726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.454690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.457726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1729734.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 933654.834444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943581.703845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1039767                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1039767                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1729734.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 933803.502977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 943714.786233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1729734.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 933803.502977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 943714.786233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                448                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     448                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            2891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           2891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59105939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2411641476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2470747415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3807868                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3807868                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59105939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2415449344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2474555283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59105939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2415449344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2474555283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.454923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.454690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.454690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1641831.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 845893.186952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855818.294077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       951967                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       951967                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1641831.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 846041.801751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855951.325839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1641831.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 846041.801751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855951.325839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         3053                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.935933                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         154698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         5101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        30.326995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.535904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    14.268176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1110.078750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         919.053103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.542031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.448756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  4138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                1257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   4138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4137                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  4138                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                3048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 3054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3021                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                3054                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     73354046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2874600802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2947954848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8294500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8294500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     73354046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2882895302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     2956249348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     73354046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2882895302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    2956249348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              7186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            1257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               7192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              7192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.421560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.424158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.422045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.424638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.422045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.424638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2222849.878788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 953433.101824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 967176.787402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1382416.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1382416.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2222849.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 954285.104932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 967992.582842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2222849.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 954285.104932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 967992.582842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                547                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     547                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            3054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           3054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70455480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2609913987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2680369467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7767700                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7767700                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70455480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2617681687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2688137167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70455480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2617681687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2688137167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.421560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.422045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.422045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2135014.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 865643.113433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879386.308071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1294616.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1294616.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2135014.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 866495.096657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880202.084807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2135014.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 866495.096657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880202.084807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              490.839691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001204106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2018556.665323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    35.839691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.057435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1196006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1196006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1196006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926555                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 3629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              148429100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 3885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             38205.688546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.252884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.747116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.860363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.139637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       952485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       706667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2067524753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2067524753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6115320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6115320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2073640073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2073640073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2073640073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2073640073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       961736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 223492.028213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223492.028213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82639.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82639.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    873056668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    873056668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1124838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1124838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    874181506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    874181506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    874181506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    874181506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241643.140880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241643.140880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 70302.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70302.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              517.276107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1003737205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1911880.390476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    27.276107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.043712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1069524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1069524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1069524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1069524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1069524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1069524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78052441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78052441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78052441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78052441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78052441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78052441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1069583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1069583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1069583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1069583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1069583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1069583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1322922.728814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1322922.728814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1322922.728814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1322922.728814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1322922.728814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1322922.728814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53457461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53457461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53457461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53457461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53457461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53457461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1527356.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1527356.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1527356.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1527356.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1527356.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1527356.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6252                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              166740112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             25620.791641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.073529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.926471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.887006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.112994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       739939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        739939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       611582                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       611582                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1351521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1351521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1351521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1351521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        16735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        16735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7469920380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7469920380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     49803787                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     49803787                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7519724167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7519724167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7519724167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7519724167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       756603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       756603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       611653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       611653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1758                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1758                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1368256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1368256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1368256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1368256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.022025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 448266.945511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448266.945511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 701461.788732                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 701461.788732                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 449341.151300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449341.151300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 449341.151300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449341.151300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2885786719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2885786719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6042863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6042863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2891829582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2891829582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2891829582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2891829582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 462465.820353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462465.820353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 503571.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 503571.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 462544.718810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462544.718810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 462544.718810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462544.718810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              565.623933                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1028780061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1792299.757840                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.841759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.782174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.038208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.868241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1064740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1064740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1064740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1064740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1064740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1064740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94804417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94804417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94804417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94804417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94804417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94804417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1064788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1064788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1064788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1064788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1064788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1064788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1975092.020833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1975092.020833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1975092.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1975092.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1975092.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1975092.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       650665                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 325332.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66741250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66741250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66741250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66741250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66741250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66741250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2152943.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2152943.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2152943.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2152943.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2152943.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2152943.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 7145                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              405038941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 7401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             54727.596406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.005546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.994454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.433615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.566385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2780568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2780568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1521695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1521695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4302263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        4302263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4302263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       4302263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        26036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        26056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        26056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        26056                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        26056                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12136907673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12136907673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     34594716                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34594716                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12171502389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12171502389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12171502389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12171502389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2806604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2806604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1521715                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1521715                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4328319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4328319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4328319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4328319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 466158.690774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466158.690774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1729735.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1729735.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 467128.584165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 467128.584165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 467128.584165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 467128.584165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3174307049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3174307049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     10390466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10390466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3184697515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3184697515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3184697515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3184697515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 444643.094131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444643.094131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1731744.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1731744.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 445723.934920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445723.934920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 445723.934920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445723.934920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              566.160344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1028780700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1782982.149047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.380386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.779957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.039071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.868237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1065379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1065379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1065379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1065379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1065379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1065379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     91305745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91305745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     91305745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91305745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     91305745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91305745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1065436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1065436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1065436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1065436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1065436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1065436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1601855.175439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1601855.175439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1601855.175439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1601855.175439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1601855.175439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1601855.175439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63266327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63266327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63266327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63266327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63266327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63266327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1860774.323529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1860774.323529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1860774.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1860774.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1860774.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1860774.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 7127                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              405036659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 7383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             54860.715021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.020582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.979418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.433674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.566326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2779416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2779416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1520569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1520569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          740                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          740                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4299985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        4299985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4299985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       4299985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        25807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        25827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        25827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        25827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        25827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12071216744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12071216744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     26342742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26342742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12097559486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12097559486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12097559486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12097559486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2805223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2805223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1520589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1520589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          740                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          740                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4325812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4325812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4325812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4325812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 467749.709149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 467749.709149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1317137.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1317137.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 468407.460642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 468407.460642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 468407.460642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 468407.460642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18700                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18700                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3173475609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3173475609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8191932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8191932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3181667541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3181667541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3181667541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3181667541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 445650.275102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445650.275102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1365322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1365322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 446424.518170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446424.518170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 446424.518170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446424.518170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              512.439246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              999330014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1932940.065764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    30.439246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.048781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1110269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1110269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1110269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1110269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1110269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1110269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    101005483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101005483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    101005483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101005483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    101005483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101005483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1110322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1110322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1110322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1110322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1110322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1110322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1905763.830189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1905763.830189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1905763.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1905763.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1905763.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1905763.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66609815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66609815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66609815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66609815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66609815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66609815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1903137.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1903137.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1903137.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1903137.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1903137.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1903137.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4957                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              157953877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5213                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             30299.995588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   223.442239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    32.557761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.872821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.127179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       783494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        783494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       660836                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       660836                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1648                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1648                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1444330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1444330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1444330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1444330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        17704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        17704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7026401472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7026401472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    304564447                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    304564447                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7330965919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7330965919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7330965919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7330965919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       800699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       800699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       661335                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       661335                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1648                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1648                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1462034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1462034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1462034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1462034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 408392.994595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 408392.994595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 610349.593186                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 610349.593186                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 414085.286884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 414085.286884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 414085.286884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 414085.286884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      3452368                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 690473.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1610993707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1610993707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2776119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2776119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1613769826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1613769826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1613769826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1613769826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 326112.086437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326112.086437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163301.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163301.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 325553.727254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325553.727254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 325553.727254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325553.727254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              566.166190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1028781347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1786078.727431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.777317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   542.388873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.038105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.869213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1066026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1066026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1066026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1066026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1066026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1066026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91445139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91445139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91445139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91445139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91445139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91445139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1066079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1066079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1066079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1066079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1066079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1066079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1725379.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1725379.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1725379.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1725379.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1725379.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1725379.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       934647                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       934647                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63314656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63314656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63314656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63314656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63314656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63314656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1918625.939394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1918625.939394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1918625.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1918625.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1918625.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1918625.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 7156                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              405042230                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 7412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             54646.820022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.005060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.994940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.433614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.566386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2782490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2782490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1523062                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1523062                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      4305552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        4305552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      4305552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       4305552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        26066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        26086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        26086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        26086                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        26086                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12088755856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12088755856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     25206154                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25206154                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12113962010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12113962010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12113962010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12113962010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2808556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2808556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1523082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1523082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      4331638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4331638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      4331638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4331638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 463774.873628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 463774.873628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1260307.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1260307.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 464385.571188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 464385.571188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 464385.571188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 464385.571188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1261                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1261                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18930                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18930                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3188171151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3188171151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7579765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7579765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3195750916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3195750916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3195750916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3195750916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 445898.063077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445898.063077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1263294.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1263294.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 446583.414757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446583.414757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 446583.414757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446583.414757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              516.571799                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1003736740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1911879.504762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    26.571799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.042583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1069059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1069059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1069059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1069059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1069059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1069059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71160885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71160885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71160885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71160885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71160885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71160885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1069116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1069116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1069116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1069116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1069116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1069116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1248436.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1248436.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1248436.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1248436.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1248436.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1248436.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49751117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49751117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49751117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49751117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49751117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49751117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1421460.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1421460.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1421460.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1421460.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1421460.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1421460.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6265                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              166738728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             25569.502837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.073931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.926069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.887008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.112992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       739363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        739363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       610866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       610866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1669                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1669                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1422                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1422                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1350229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1350229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1350229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1350229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        16534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        16534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7281961430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7281961430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     49866621                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     49866621                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7331828051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7331828051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7331828051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7331828051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       755822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       755822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       610941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       610941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1669                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1669                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1422                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1422                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1366763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1366763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1366763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1366763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 442430.368188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442430.368188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 664888.280000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 664888.280000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 443439.461171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443439.461171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 443439.461171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443439.461171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2880671935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2880671935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5970403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5970403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2886642338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2886642338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2886642338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2886642338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 460539.078337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 460539.078337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 497533.583333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 497533.583333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 460609.915111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 460609.915111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 460609.915111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 460609.915111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              549.290101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              917844887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1659755.672694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.097722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   526.192379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.037016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.843257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1117442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1117442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1117442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1117442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1117442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1117442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     32354919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32354919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     32354919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     32354919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     32354919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     32354919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1117477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1117477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1117477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1117477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1117477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1117477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 924426.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 924426.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 924426.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 924426.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 924426.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 924426.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     30274971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30274971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     30274971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     30274971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     30274971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     30274971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1164421.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1164421.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1164421.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1164421.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1164421.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1164421.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5116                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              204651431                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5372                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             38095.947692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   190.777141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    65.222859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.745223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.254777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1669590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1669590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       302073                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       302073                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1971663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1971663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1971663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1971663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        18124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        18124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8078018448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8078018448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2209854                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2209854                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8080228302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8080228302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8080228302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8080228302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1687688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1687688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       302099                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       302099                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1989787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1989787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1989787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1989787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 446348.682064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446348.682064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84994.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84994.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 445830.296954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445830.296954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 445830.296954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445830.296954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          581                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             581                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13008                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13008                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1656515687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1656515687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1656900287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1656900287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1656900287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1656900287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 324171.367319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324171.367319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 323866.357897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323866.357897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 323866.357897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323866.357897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              510.316176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              998080430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1934264.399225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    35.316176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.056596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1167959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1167959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1167959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1167959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1167959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1167959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     82482150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82482150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     82482150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82482150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     82482150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82482150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1168019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1168019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1168019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1168019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1168019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1168019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1374702.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1374702.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1374702.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1374702.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1374702.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1374702.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63770891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63770891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63770891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63770891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63770891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63770891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1555387.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1555387.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1555387.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1555387.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1555387.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1555387.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 3800                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              152106668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             37501.643984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   222.865026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    33.134974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.870567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.129433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       803139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        803139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       674642                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       674642                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1666                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1666                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1477781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1477781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1477781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1477781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        12287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        12287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4124278721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4124278721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7297528                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7297528                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4131576249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4131576249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4131576249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4131576249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       815340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       815340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       674728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       674728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1666                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1666                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1490068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1490068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1490068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1490068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.014964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 338027.925662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338027.925662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 84854.976744                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84854.976744                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 336255.900464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336255.900464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 336255.900464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336255.900464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1098137669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1098137669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1003951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1003951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1099141620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1099141620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1099141620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1099141620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 290128.842536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290128.842536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 66930.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66930.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 289247.794737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289247.794737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 289247.794737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289247.794737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              516.469241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1003739313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1915533.040076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    26.469241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.042419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1071632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1071632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1071632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1071632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1071632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1071632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60953463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60953463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60953463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60953463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60953463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60953463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1071687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1071687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1071687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1071687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1071687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1071687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1108244.781818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1108244.781818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1108244.781818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1108244.781818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1108244.781818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1108244.781818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     42324242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42324242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     42324242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42324242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     42324242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42324242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1244830.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1244830.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1244830.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1244830.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1244830.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1244830.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 6286                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              166741860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 6542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             25487.902782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   227.016485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    28.983515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.886783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.113217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       740764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        740764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       612563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       612563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1698                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1698                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1353327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1353327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1353327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1353327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        16517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        16592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        16592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        16592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        16592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7259179057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7259179057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     51755412                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51755412                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7310934469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7310934469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7310934469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7310934469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       757281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       757281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       612638                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       612638                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1698                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1698                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1369919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1369919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1369919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1369919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 439497.430344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439497.430344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 690072.160000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 690072.160000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 440630.090947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440630.090947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 440630.090947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440630.090947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          722                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             722                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10305                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10305                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2847945731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2847945731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5983715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5983715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2853929446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2853929446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2853929446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2853929446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453855.893386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453855.893386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 498642.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 498642.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453941.378400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453941.378400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453941.378400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453941.378400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              550.065774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              917846625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1653777.702703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    23.874768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.191006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.038261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1119180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1119180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1119180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1119180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1119180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1119180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     35494404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35494404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     35494404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     35494404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     35494404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     35494404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1119218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1119218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1119218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1119218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1119218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 934063.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934063.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 934063.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 934063.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 934063.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 934063.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     31967141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31967141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     31967141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31967141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     31967141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31967141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1141683.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1141683.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1141683.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1141683.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1141683.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1141683.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5135                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              204654412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5391                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             37962.235578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   190.821139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    65.178861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.745395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.254605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1671182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1671182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       303457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       303457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          711                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          711                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1974639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1974639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1974639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1974639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        18186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18186                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        18186                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8016931361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8016931361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2208625                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2208625                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8019139986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8019139986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8019139986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8019139986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1689342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1689342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       303483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       303483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          711                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          711                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1992825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1992825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1992825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1992825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 441460.978029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441460.978029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84947.115385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84947.115385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 440951.280435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440951.280435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 440951.280435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440951.280435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          583                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             583                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1647176285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1647176285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1647560885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1647560885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1647560885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1647560885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 321149.597387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321149.597387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 320849.247322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320849.247322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 320849.247322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320849.247322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              490.838674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1001203219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2018554.877016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    35.838674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.057434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1195119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1195119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1195119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1195119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1195119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    139616370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    139616370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    139616370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    139616370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    139616370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    139616370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1195179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1195179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1195179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2326939.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2326939.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2326939.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2326939.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2326939.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2326939.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1258160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       629080                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91974561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91974561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91974561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91974561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91974561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91974561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2243281.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2243281.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2243281.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2243281.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2243281.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2243281.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 3627                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              148427894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 3883                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             38225.056400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   220.242402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    35.757598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.860322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.139678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       951795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        951795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       706155                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706155                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1657950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1657950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1657950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1657950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         9320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         9320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2081998201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2081998201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6116702                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6116702                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2088114903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2088114903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2088114903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2088114903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       961041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       706229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1667270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1667270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1667270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1667270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 225178.260978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225178.260978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 82658.135135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82658.135135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 224046.663412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224046.663412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 224046.663412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224046.663412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    885129426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    885129426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1124616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1124616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    886254042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    886254042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    886254042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    886254042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 245120.306286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245120.306286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 70288.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70288.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 244349.060380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244349.060380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 244349.060380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244349.060380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              565.919565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1028784101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1779903.288927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.141765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.777799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.038689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.868234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1068780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1068780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1068780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1068780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1068780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1068780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86745627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86745627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86745627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86745627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86745627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86745627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1068831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1068831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1068831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1068831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1068831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1700894.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1700894.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1700894.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1700894.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1700894.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1700894.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76092                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76092                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68061325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68061325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68061325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68061325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68061325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68061325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1944609.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1944609.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1944609.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1944609.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1944609.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1944609.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7182                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              405052924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 7438                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             54457.236354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.007635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.992365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.433624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.566376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2789334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2789334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1526907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1526907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          744                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          744                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4316241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        4316241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4316241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       4316241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        26128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        26148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        26148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        26148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        26148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11985715037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11985715037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22568647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22568647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  12008283684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12008283684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  12008283684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12008283684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2815462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2815462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1526927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1526927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          744                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          744                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4342389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4342389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4342389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4342389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 458730.673492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 458730.673492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1128432.350000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1128432.350000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 459242.912804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459242.912804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 459242.912804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459242.912804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3134594152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3134594152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6927025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6927025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3141521177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3141521177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3141521177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3141521177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 436816.353400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 436816.353400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1154504.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1154504.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 437415.925508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 437415.925508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 437415.925508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 437415.925508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              515.626281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1003737658                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1919192.462715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    25.626281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.041068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1069977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1069977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1069977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1069977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1069977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1069977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61762647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61762647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61762647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61762647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61762647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61762647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1070028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1070028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1070028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1070028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1070028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1070028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1211032.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1211032.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1211032.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1211032.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1211032.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1211032.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38957448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38957448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38957448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38957448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38957448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38957448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1180528.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1180528.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1180528.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1180528.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1180528.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1180528.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 6279                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              166738414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 6535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             25514.676970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   227.076864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    28.923136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.887019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.112981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       739047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        739047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       610805                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       610805                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1423                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1423                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1349852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1349852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1349852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1349852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        16594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        16666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        16666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        16666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        16666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7463938208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7463938208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     45529625                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     45529625                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7509467833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7509467833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7509467833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7509467833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       755641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       755641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       610877                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       610877                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1423                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1423                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1366518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1366518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1366518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1366518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 449797.409184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 449797.409184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 632355.902778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 632355.902778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 450586.093424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450586.093424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 450586.093424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450586.093424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10387                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10387                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2917187184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2917187184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5400229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5400229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2922587413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2922587413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2922587413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2922587413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 465483.833413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 465483.833413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 450019.083333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450019.083333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 465454.278229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 465454.278229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 465454.278229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 465454.278229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              518.291777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1003736611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1904623.550285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    28.431168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   489.860609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.045563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1068930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1068930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1068930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1068930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1068930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1068930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96517616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96517616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96517616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96517616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96517616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96517616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1068993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1068993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1068993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1068993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1068993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1532025.650794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1532025.650794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1532025.650794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1532025.650794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1532025.650794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1532025.650794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       129104                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       129104                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62643112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62643112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62643112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62643112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62643112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62643112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1693057.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1693057.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1693057.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1693057.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1693057.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1693057.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 6277                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166738797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             25522.546610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   227.028737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    28.971263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.886831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.113169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       739323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        739323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       610866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       610866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1776                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1776                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1424                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1424                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1350189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1350189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1350189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1350189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        16674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        16674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7484251002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7484251002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     38777077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38777077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7523028079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7523028079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7523028079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7523028079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       755922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       755922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       610941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       610941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1776                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1776                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1424                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1424                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1366863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1366863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1366863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1366863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 450885.655883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 450885.655883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 517027.693333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 517027.693333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 451183.164148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451183.164148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 451183.164148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451183.164148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10395                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10395                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2910213371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2910213371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4705068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4705068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2914918439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2914918439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2914918439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2914918439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 464371.050104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 464371.050104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       392089                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       392089                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 464232.909540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 464232.909540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 464232.909540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 464232.909540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              566.152949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1028780163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1782981.218371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    24.373562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.779387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.039060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.868236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1064842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1064842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1064842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1064842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1064842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1064842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    100676386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100676386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    100676386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100676386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    100676386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100676386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1064895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1064895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1064895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1064895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1064895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1064895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1899554.452830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1899554.452830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1899554.452830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1899554.452830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1899554.452830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1899554.452830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       695405                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 347702.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     73699246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73699246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     73699246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73699246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     73699246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73699246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2167624.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2167624.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2167624.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2167624.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2167624.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2167624.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 7157                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              405037857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 7413                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             54638.858357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.005717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.994283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.433616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.566384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2779968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2779968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1521210                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1521210                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4301178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        4301178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4301178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       4301178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        26024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        26044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        26044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        26044                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        26044                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  12114610329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12114610329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     28234015                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28234015                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  12142844344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12142844344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  12142844344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12142844344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2805992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2805992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1521230                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1521230                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4327222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4327222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4327222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4327222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 465516.843260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 465516.843260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1411700.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1411700.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 466243.447397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 466243.447397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 466243.447397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 466243.447397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18886                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18886                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3182427945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3182427945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8344300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8344300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3190772245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3190772245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3190772245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3190772245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 444970.350252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444970.350252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1390716.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1390716.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 445763.096535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445763.096535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 445763.096535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445763.096535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
