
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.111551                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                111551455245                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               639326831790                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 308845                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   395510                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2002792                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67762112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 55697.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17202044149                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22029103200                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1533696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3728640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      3746048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2387968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2375040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1105792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3723264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      3743360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2321024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2314368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2391680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1105664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2318848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      3738624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2320256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      3736320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             42668416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10310016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10310016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        29130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        29266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        18656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        18555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         8639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        29088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        29245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        18133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        18081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        18685                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         8638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        18116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        29208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        18127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        29190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                333347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           80547                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                80547                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13748776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     33425292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        45898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     33581346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        44751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     21406874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        41308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21290982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data      9912842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33377099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        45898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     33557249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        40161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     20806757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        39013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     20747089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     21440151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        45898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data      9911695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        39013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20787250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     33514794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20799872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        44751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33494139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               382499860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45898                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        45898                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        44751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        41308                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45898                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47046                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        45898                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        40161                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        39013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41308                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        45898                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        39013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45898                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40161                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        44751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             697651                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          92423859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               92423859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          92423859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        45898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13748776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        44751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     33425292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        45898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     33581346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        44751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     21406874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        41308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21290982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        45898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data      9912842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        47046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33377099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        45898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     33557249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        40161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     20806757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        39013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     20747089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        41308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     21440151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        45898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data      9911695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        39013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20787250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        45898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     33514794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        40161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20799872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        44751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33494139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              474923719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20643111                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16889353                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023695                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8657508                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8137888                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136174                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92427                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199115614                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            115386409                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20643111                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10274062                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24099238                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5498187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     10856829                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12181499                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2024701                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    237519928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      213420690     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1124303      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1784581      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        2420717      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2489729      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        2107889      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1177438      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1753075      0.74%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       11241506      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    237519928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077168                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.431336                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      197065700                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     12924278                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24054609                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        27461                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3447875                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3398591                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    141611962                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1952                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3447875                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      197603785                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1757935                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      9913026                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        23550116                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles      1247186                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    141560296                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       185844                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       534811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    197547556                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    658513479                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    658513479                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171545509                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       26002015                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35603                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18735                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         3699829                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13262733                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7183623                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84609                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1735121                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        141400700                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35728                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       134420617                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18373                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15419182                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36721774                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1720                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237519928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180589432     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23452750      9.87%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11870646      5.00%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8911850      3.75%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7012051      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2836926      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1790100      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931793      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124380      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237519928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25263     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81845     36.62%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116367     52.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113060607     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001326      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16862      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12180952      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7160870      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    134420617                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.502489                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223475                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    506603009                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156856155                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132397462                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    134644092                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273173                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2118452                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          548                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94020                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3447875                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1455504                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121871                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141436570                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13262733                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7183623                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18740                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102693                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          548                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180941                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131761                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2312702                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132557125                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11462268                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1863491                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           18622865                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18844330                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7160597                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.495523                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            132397684                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           132397462                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        75997230                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204775679                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.494926                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000006                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123048947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18387627                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34008                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2049200                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234072053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183562889     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25045312     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9453602      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4507229      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3814504      1.63%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2181110      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1894152      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       859774      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2753481      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234072053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123048947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18233884                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11144281                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17743911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110865559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2533833                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2753481                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          372754457                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         286321087                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3020344                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              29989558                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123048947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.675095                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.675095                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.373819                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.373819                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      596624695                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184430741                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     131274075                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33978                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       18805687                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15381320                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1837072                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7768824                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7417060                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1931546                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81207                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182440911                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            106736460                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          18805687                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9348606                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            22366140                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5352871                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      8403826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11221330                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1849176                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    216686110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      194319970     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1216166      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1914569      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3046321      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1265439      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1409058      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1508396      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         980864      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11025327      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    216686110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070299                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.399001                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      180708323                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     10150262                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        22295848                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        56910                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3474763                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3081649                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          448                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    130328154                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2917                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3474763                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      180985765                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2012153                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      7316750                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        22080363                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       816312                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    130240949                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        29712                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       223739                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       300457                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        59070                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    180793935                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    605887267                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    605887267                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    154201221                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       26592704                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        33572                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18662                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2402455                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     12410401                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6671670                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       201689                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1520699                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        130053414                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33673                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       123044649                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155274                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16524140                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36953252                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3599                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    216686110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    164780749     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20851818      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11382334      5.25%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7766857      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7261266      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2086221      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1624738      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       554021      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       378106      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    216686110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28473     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87759     38.60%     51.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111115     48.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103075322     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1947043      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14909      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11370832      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6636543      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    123044649                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.459964                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001848                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463158029                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    146612574                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121072403                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    123271996                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       372250                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2233041                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          327                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1383                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       201966                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7658                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3474763                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1245615                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       110597                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130087236                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54240                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12410401                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6671670                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18653                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        81306                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1383                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1073091                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1050187                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2123278                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121297855                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10693998                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1746794                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 149                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           17328871                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17069428                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6634873                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.453434                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            121073244                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           121072403                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        70786377                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       184963299                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.452591                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382705                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90577185                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    111024339                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19063295                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30074                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1876280                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213211347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168147842     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21824133     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8494964      3.98%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4575820      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3427522      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1911427      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1183061      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1055395      0.49%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2591183      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213211347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     90577185                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    111024339                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             16647059                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10177357                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             15004                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15937056                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       100041190                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2255397                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2591183                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          340707187                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         263650256                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2957606                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              50823376                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          90577185                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           111024339                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     90577185                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.953387                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.953387                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.338594                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.338594                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      546978425                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     167815244                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     121563521                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        30046                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       18864826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15428497                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1841617                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7791772                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7438396                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1938094                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81685                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183027791                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            107077858                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          18864826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9376490                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            22437996                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5366521                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      8270022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11256046                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1853684                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    217219983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      194781987     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1221312      0.56%     90.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1920977      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3058616      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1267527      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1412358      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1508431      0.69%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         984279      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11064496      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    217219983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.070520                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.400277                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      181283610                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     10027798                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        22368071                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        56798                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3483702                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3092554                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          452                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    130746752                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2905                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3483702                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      181563839                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2021396                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      7176129                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        22149591                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       825322                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    130660196                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents        31836                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       224083                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       303152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents        62454                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    181382835                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    607838117                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    607838117                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    154720470                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       26662365                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        33694                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18731                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2422847                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     12451100                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      6694816                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       202287                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1527320                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        130472428                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33793                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       123453677                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155836                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16571319                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37024219                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3618                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217219983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    165145938     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20912687      9.63%     85.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11425369      5.26%     90.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7793691      3.59%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7283771      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2091309      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1632600      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       554994      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       379624      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217219983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28575     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88400     38.67%     51.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111620     48.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103415134     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1953688      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14959      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11410526      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6659370      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    123453677                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.461493                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            228595                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001852                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464511768                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    147078887                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121470420                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    123682272                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       373929                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2239483                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          331                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1376                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       203302                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7693                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3483702                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1255670                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       111553                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130506367                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54689                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12451100                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6694816                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18722                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        82400                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1376                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1075184                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1053006                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2128190                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121696362                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10729455                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1757315                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           17387140                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17126822                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          6657685                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.454924                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            121471220                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           121470420                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        71020047                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       185560008                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.454079                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382734                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90882042                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    111398081                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19108751                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30175                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1880984                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213736281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168520898     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21897520     10.25%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8524685      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4589213      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3439339      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1918922      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1186988      0.56%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1060070      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2598646      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213736281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     90882042                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    111398081                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             16703131                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10211617                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             15054                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15990668                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       100378000                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2262994                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2598646                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          341643856                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         264497583                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2965211                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              50289503                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          90882042                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           111398081                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     90882042                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.943480                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.943480                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.339734                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.339734                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      548772837                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     168367170                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     121955014                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        30148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       19631475                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16098737                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1923146                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8055350                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7659022                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2013011                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85961                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187342203                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            111637711                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          19631475                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9672033                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24545907                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5481290                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     17571842                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11547099                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1913154                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    232983727                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      208437820     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        2660905      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        3076804      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        1690379      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1941368      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1069853      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         731428      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1903418      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11471752      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    232983727                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.073386                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.417322                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      185801897                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     19140746                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24340471                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles       194792                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3505820                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3187095                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        17957                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    136268442                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        89373                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3505820                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      186101679                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       6346536                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     11954433                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24242947                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       832303                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    136184515                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       212242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       385533                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           17                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    189231790                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    634064680                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    634064680                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    161423645                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       27808145                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        35579                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19834                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2230386                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13003486                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7081710                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       185386                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1574309                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        135957188                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35641                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       128419192                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       182669                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17108066                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39628520                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3937                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    232983727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178883791     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21751909      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11687410      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8098922      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7081171      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3617154      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       879165      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       563387      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420818      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    232983727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33314     12.07%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118576     42.95%     55.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124170     44.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107489310     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2007940      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15721      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11876567      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7029654      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    128419192                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.480055                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276060                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    490280840                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153102110                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126276916                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    128695252                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       322156                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2307080                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          825                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1217                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       160713                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7861                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4611                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3505820                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       5880606                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       142515                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135992948                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        72074                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13003486                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7081710                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19806                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99995                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1217                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1112888                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1081938                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2194826                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126522606                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11152826                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1896586                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18180750                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17696585                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7027924                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.472965                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            126278751                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           126276916                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        75048611                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       196603240                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.472046                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381726                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94793216                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    116299630                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19694684                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31704                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1934208                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229477907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181966976     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22030864      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9235326      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5551384      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3837163      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2480775      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1288145      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1035627      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2051647      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229477907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     94793216                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    116299630                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             17617403                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10696406                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             15818                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         16644339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       104848929                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2366118                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2051647                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          363419937                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         275494517                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2873569                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              34525759                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          94793216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           116299630                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     94793216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.822032                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.822032                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.354355                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.354355                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      570709150                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     175250418                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     127173179                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        31674                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              267509481                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19635444                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16101015                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1924811                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8182689                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7669650                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2015708                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187517663                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            111592266                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19635444                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9685358                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24548064                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5465175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     17668749                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11554681                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1914021                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    233240502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      208692438     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2662911      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        3078811      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1692519      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1944195      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1078072      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         728236      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1900066      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11463254      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    233240502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073401                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.417153                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      185980872                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     19234178                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24343884                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       193504                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3488063                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3188218                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        17964                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    136221472                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        89405                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3488063                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      186278352                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       6343447                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     12053194                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24247343                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       830094                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    136136507                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       214455                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       383002                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    189174574                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    633803472                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    633803472                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    161588511                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       27586063                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        35913                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20136                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2216416                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13010472                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7082365                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       185818                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1566995                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        135913525                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35983                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       128483228                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183278                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16937824                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39079520                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4247                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233240502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179094779     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21785044      9.34%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11704695      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8092306      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7077729      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3621396      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878919      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       564606      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       421028      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233240502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33798     12.22%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118181     42.74%     54.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124532     45.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107541072     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2006932      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15737      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11889220      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7030267      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    128483228                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.480294                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276511                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    490666747                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152888566                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126338335                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    128759739                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       324448                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2303108                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          798                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1237                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       154272                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7866                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4477                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3488063                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       5881079                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       143834                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135949630                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        69708                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13010472                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7082365                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20130                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100111                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1237                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1115848                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1080254                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2196102                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126583459                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11166094                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1899769                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18194826                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17714527                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7028732                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.473192                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            126340352                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           126338335                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        75089443                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       196640401                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.472276                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381862                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94890054                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    116418483                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19532580                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31736                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1935949                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229752439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182189774     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22056888      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9243426      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5558651      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3841429      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2484450      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1287815      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1036114      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2053892      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229752439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     94890054                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    116418483                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             17635457                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            10707364                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             15834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16661358                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       104956075                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2368538                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2053892                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          363648973                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         275390259                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2875687                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              34268979                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          94890054                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           116418483                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     94890054                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.819152                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.819152                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.354717                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.354717                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      570999620                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     175336544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     127140100                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        31706                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       23183333                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19304836                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2110940                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9118503                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8495894                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2498547                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98603                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201959161                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            127219135                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          23183333                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10994441                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            26525805                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5858980                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     18308057                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12539072                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2017764                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    250524983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      223999178     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1626967      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2054657      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3271974      1.31%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1370412      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1760175      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        2055560      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         937126      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       13448934      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    250524983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086664                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.475569                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      200779314                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     19604543                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        26400213                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        12392                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3728514                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3525542                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          511                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    155481131                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2849                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3728514                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      200981580                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        645261                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     18397057                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        26210469                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       562096                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    154522986                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        81554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       392149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    215855707                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    718653436                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    718653436                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    180805718                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       35049989                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        38095                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1981554                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     14451520                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7562530                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84209                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1710487                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        150876147                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38227                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       144829332                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143606                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18177096                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36890038                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2061                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250524983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189143381     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     28013371     11.18%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11436285      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6409390      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8693984      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2668882      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2633348      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1415949      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110393      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250524983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        998577     79.18%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133404     10.58%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129140     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122015010     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1980835      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17930      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13276536      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7539021      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    144829332                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.541399                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1261121                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008708                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541588374                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169092153                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141062791                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    146090453                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106542                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2699889                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          685                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94960                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3728514                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        491215                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62810                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150914380                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116527                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14451520                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7562530                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20165                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        55073                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          685                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1256755                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1174679                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2431434                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142308551                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13058480                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2520781                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           20597041                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       20124730                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7538561                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.531976                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            141063080                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           141062791                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        84520672                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       227076047                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.527319                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372213                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105189223                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    129617978                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21297078                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36166                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2128963                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246796469                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191934809     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27801556     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10094965      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5030973      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4601749      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1935089      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908328      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910836      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2578164      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246796469                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    105189223                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    129617978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             19219201                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11751631                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             18042                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         18788099                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       116698165                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2676627                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2578164                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          395132633                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         305558640                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3061595                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              16984503                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         105189223                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           129617978                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    105189223                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.543126                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.543126                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393217                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393217                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      640367530                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     197127654                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     143823159                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        36136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       18821956                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15395284                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1839017                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7797808                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7426084                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1934771                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81576                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182683590                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            106807748                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          18821956                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9360855                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            22385460                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5351828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      8413443                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11234787                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1851113                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    216954674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      194569214     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1217439      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1919102      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3051303      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1264983      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1411916      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1506190      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         980854      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11033673      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    216954674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070360                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.399267                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      180951110                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     10159699                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        22315709                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        56439                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3471713                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3083414                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          446                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    130419892                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2920                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3471713                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      181229306                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2017382                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      7321804                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        22099024                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       815441                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    130333340                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        32689                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       221638                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       301374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        58170                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    180937865                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    606308636                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    606308636                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    154404310                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       26533555                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        33614                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18683                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2405567                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12422531                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6677390                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       201410                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1518869                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        130146686                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33717                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       123180512                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155264                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16470314                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36746131                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3605                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    216954674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    164985295     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20878256      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11404771      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7773721      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7264745      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2087106      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1627512      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       554175      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       379093      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    216954674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28655     12.61%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87380     38.46%     51.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111148     48.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103188254     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1948666      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14928      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11386383      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6642281      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    123180512                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.460472                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227183                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463698145                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    146652059                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121203365                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    123407695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       372662                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2231784                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          355                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1372                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       199182                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7660                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           58                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3471713                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1246312                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       110149                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130180542                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54173                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12422531                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6677390                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18674                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80927                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1372                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1075338                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1049818                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2125156                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121428116                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10707816                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1752396                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           17348507                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17089447                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6640691                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.453921                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            121204205                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           121203365                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        70866542                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       185134912                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.453081                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382783                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90696254                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    111170448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19010517                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30112                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1878281                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213482961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168356345     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21854966     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8508146      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4580424      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3433760      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1915439      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1183931      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1057503      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2592447      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213482961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     90696254                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    111170448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             16668955                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10190747                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             15022                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15958049                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       100172829                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2258371                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2592447                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          341070868                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         263833854                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2960475                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              50554812                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          90696254                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           111170448                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     90696254                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.949510                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.949510                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.339039                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.339039                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      547576664                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     168005912                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     121652118                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        30086                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       18847541                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15414815                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1839581                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7795860                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7433966                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1936476                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81410                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182864109                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            106956510                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          18847541                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      9370442                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            22413130                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5356033                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      8464061                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11245402                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1851831                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    217217075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      194803945     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1218650      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1919555      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3055203      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1266469      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1412136      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1509700      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         983109      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11048308      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    217217075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.070456                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.399823                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      181131385                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     10210569                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        22343161                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        56651                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3475305                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3089099                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          448                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    130594480                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2912                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3475305                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      181409089                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2091948                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      7285948                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        22127267                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       827514                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    130509126                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents        35386                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       223543                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       301402                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents        69318                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    181170852                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    607126083                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    607126083                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    154609404                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       26561444                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        33673                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18723                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2403654                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     12433555                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      6687607                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       202105                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1521634                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        130323751                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33775                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       123338053                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155178                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16503627                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36837326                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3624                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217217075                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    165183658     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20904016      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11416406      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7782155      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7276159      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2090719      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1630409      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       554349      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       379204      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217217075                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28648     12.61%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87156     38.37%     50.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111354     49.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103319198     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1951772      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14948      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11399317      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6652818      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    123338053                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.461060                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227158                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001842                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464275517                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    146862489                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121364107                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    123565211                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       373811                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2229271                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          354                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1364                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       200769                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7667                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           62                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3475305                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1288488                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       109911                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130357663                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54418                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12433555                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6687607                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18714                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80730                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1364                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1075249                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1050577                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2125826                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121589700                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10721711                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1748353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 137                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           17372907                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       17112449                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          6651196                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.454525                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            121364939                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           121364107                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        70954755                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       185382772                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.453682                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382747                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90816704                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    111318085                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19039972                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30151                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1878890                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213741770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168559271     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21880944     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8517477      3.98%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4588352      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3437046      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1917510      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1184807      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1058349      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2598014      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213741770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     90816704                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    111318085                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             16691122                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            10204284                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             15042                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15979211                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       100305896                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2261374                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2598014                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          341501202                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         264191624                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2962783                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              50292411                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          90816704                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           111318085                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     90816704                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.945598                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.945598                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.339490                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.339490                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      548301341                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     168219064                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     121821416                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        30124                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       18405606                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16424226                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1469239                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12312974                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11987632                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1111369                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44750                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194338028                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            104497573                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          18405606                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     13099001                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23302581                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       4807361                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      7767919                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles            8                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           18                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11760198                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1442186                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    228738402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512179                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      205435821     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        3542262      1.55%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1799986      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3506627      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1134725      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3246416      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         514418      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         829823      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        8728324      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    228738402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.068804                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.390631                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      192497128                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      9653349                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23256457                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        18952                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3312515                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1747276                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        17333                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    116970195                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        32789                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3312515                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      192706722                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       6186341                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2802308                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23049045                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       681464                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    116799935                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          235                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        91777                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       520067                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    153161437                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    529469885                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    529469885                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    124293394                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       28868029                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        15778                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7989                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1573170                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     20998519                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      3438502                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22641                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       781010                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        116194778                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15831                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       108839946                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70768                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20888096                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42759391                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228738402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181019887     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15043676      6.58%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15967856      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9230848      4.04%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4787674      2.09%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1201613      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1426126      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33279      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27443      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228738402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        182996     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75219     23.51%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61724     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85393413     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       857758      0.79%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7788      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19171889     17.61%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3409098      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    108839946                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.406864                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319939                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002940                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446809001                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137098978                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106079060                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    109159885                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86442                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4268880                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          275                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        79145                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3312515                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       5413494                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81709                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116210702                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14831                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20998519                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3438502                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7986                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39238                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2145                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          275                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       991961                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       565363                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1557324                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107451442                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18894374                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1388504                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           22303278                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16330120                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          3408904                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.401673                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            106103980                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           106079060                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        64178742                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       140074475                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.396543                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.458176                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84483905                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     95175332                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21040032                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15705                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1459963                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225425887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189960800     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13957076      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8942131      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2817876      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4665572      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       916325      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580419      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531565      0.24%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3054123      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225425887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     84483905                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     95175332                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             20088990                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            16729633                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              7836                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         14597369                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        83193147                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1195818                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3054123                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          338586816                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         235745842                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4333048                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              38771084                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          84483905                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            95175332                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     84483905                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.166396                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.166396                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.315816                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.315816                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      499358037                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     138286005                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     124120468                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        15690                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       18329412                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16356792                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1462304                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12269457                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11937577                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1106759                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44556                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193568239                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            104075632                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          18329412                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     13044336                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            23206339                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       4786690                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      7894145                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11712539                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1435333                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    227984861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      204778522     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        3528388      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1791344      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3490720      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1129420      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3231996      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         512456      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         828253      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        8693762      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    227984861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068519                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.389054                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      191737471                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      9769419                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        23160461                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        18632                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3298877                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1740175                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        17262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    116498607                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        32612                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3298877                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      191945742                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       6278005                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      2830309                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        22953839                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       678082                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    116327788                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        90811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       518062                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    152532835                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    527326595                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    527326595                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    123791586                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       28741242                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        15699                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7944                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1565723                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     20918535                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      3424260                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22974                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       779291                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        115727805                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15751                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       108401564                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70405                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20805786                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42602934                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227984861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180457460     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14983341      6.57%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15903918      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9193850      4.03%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4770734      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1195419      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1419554      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33198      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27387      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227984861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        182128     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75017     23.54%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61468     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85047180     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       854187      0.79%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7756      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19097664     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3394777      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    108401564                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.405225                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            318613                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002939                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    445177007                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136549616                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105654628                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    108720177                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        85201                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4255343                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          280                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78646                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3298877                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       5511714                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81427                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    115743643                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13409                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20918535                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3424260                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7940                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39075                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2176                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          280                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       986945                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       562953                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1549898                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107023084                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18821043                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1378480                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           22215638                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       16264005                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          3394595                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.400072                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            105678753                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           105654628                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        63920225                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       139499344                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.394957                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.458212                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84144156                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     94791681                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20956619                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15639                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1453075                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224685984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189364118     84.28%     84.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13899597      6.19%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8906566      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2807710      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4646071      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       912715      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       578150      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       529393      0.24%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3041664      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224685984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     84144156                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     94791681                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             20008806                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            16663192                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              7804                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         14538428                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        82857727                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1190918                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3041664                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          337392308                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         234798080                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4315662                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              39524625                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          84144156                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            94791681                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     84144156                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.179181                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.179181                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.314546                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.314546                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      497367659                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     137733106                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     123620078                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        15622                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19640919                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16105787                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1921618                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8087940                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7666508                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2015210                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86513                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187435885                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            111680009                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19640919                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9681718                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24556905                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5472529                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     17453650                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11549578                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1910986                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    232963319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      208406414     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        2664321      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        3078455      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        1689813      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1942975      0.83%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1069986      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         731216      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1904502      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11475637      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    232963319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.073421                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.417481                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      185898489                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     19019922                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24352156                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles       193830                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3498921                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3189181                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        17958                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    136316459                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        88996                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3498921                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      186196561                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       6361938                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles     11820516                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24255592                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       829782                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    136232341                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       213715                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       383388                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    189305099                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    634291224                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    634291224                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    161557404                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       27747683                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        35572                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19816                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2215029                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     13007487                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7087296                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       185900                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1573429                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        136005905                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35627                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       128493428                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       182985                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17061458                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39504961                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3896                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    232963319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244189                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178823991     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21772722      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11695863      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8105080      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7082198      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3620961      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878859      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562171      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       421474      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    232963319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33635     12.19%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118009     42.76%     54.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124306     45.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107544915     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2010473      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15734      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11887630      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7034676      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    128493428                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.480332                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275950                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002148                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    490409110                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153104220                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126354116                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    128769378                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       323587                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2302194                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          826                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1234                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       160540                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7869                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4249                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3498921                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       5899387                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       143471                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136041657                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        70942                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13007487                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7087296                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19781                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100280                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1234                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1113935                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1079416                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2193351                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126598264                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11162406                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1895164                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 125                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           18195519                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       17710364                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7033113                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.473248                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            126356005                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           126354116                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        75092790                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       196686738                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.472335                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.381789                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94871842                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    116396045                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19646753                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31731                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1932689                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229464398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181911079     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22051788      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9242864      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5556284      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3841614      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2483535      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1287953      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1036420      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2052861      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229464398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     94871842                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    116396045                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             17632046                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            10705290                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             15832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         16658115                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       104935869                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2368078                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2052861                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          363453698                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         275584596                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2871882                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              34546167                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          94871842                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           116396045                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     94871842                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.819693                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.819693                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.354649                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.354649                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      571061425                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     175355514                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     127229863                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        31700                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       23182973                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19304623                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2110731                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9136791                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8498669                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2498437                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98687                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201921228                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            127209299                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          23182973                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     10997106                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            26524229                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5858057                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     18360526                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles          129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           71                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12537770                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2017414                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    250534505                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      224010276     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1626123      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2057057      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3271446      1.31%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1368074      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1761927      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        2055951      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         937014      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       13446637      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    250534505                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086662                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.475532                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      200737948                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     19658102                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        26398375                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        12264                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3727809                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3525411                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          513                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    155464100                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2863                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3727809                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      200940530                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        645258                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     18449650                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        26208226                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       563026                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    154506219                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        81304                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       392831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    215838432                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    718568331                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    718568331                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    180780047                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       35058302                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        38117                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20188                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1982707                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     14446717                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7561952                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84529                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1706447                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        150861210                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38250                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       144815251                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       141832                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18180149                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36871853                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2088                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250534505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189163246     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     28003244     11.18%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11440179      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6404227      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8694938      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2669473      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2632890      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1415953      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110355      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250534505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        997539     79.18%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133132     10.57%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129122     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122005882     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1980653      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17928      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13272465      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7538323      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    144815251                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.541346                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1259793                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008699                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541566632                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169080291                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141046622                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    146075044                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106901                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2696744                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           50                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          684                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95436                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3727809                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        491496                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62443                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150899466                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117464                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14446717                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7561952                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20189                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54707                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           65                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          684                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1256397                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1175376                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2431773                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142290250                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13054739                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2525001                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           20592600                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       20123366                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7537861                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.531907                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            141046902                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           141046622                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        84514264                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       227038781                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.527258                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372246                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105174348                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    129599626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21300408                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36162                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2128741                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246806696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191953485     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27796883     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10092740      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5031413      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4599908      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1935606      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908843      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910240      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2577578      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246806696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    105174348                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    129599626                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             19216475                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            11749965                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             18040                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         18785454                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       116681642                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2676251                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2577578                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          395128424                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         305527953                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3060929                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              16974981                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         105174348                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           129599626                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    105174348                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.543486                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.543486                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.393161                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.393161                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      640282611                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     197107203                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     143811391                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        36132                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       18348326                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16373738                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1462847                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12268843                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11947489                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1107429                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44631                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193703749                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            104176754                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          18348326                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     13054918                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            23229331                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       4789271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      7909639                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11720965                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1436049                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    228160893                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      204931562     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        3532919      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1794836      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3495190      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1127912      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3234123      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         512406      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         828553      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        8703392      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    228160893                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068589                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.389432                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      191871606                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      9786286                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        23183280                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        18820                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3300900                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1741781                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        17274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    116606891                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        32704                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3300900                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      192080054                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       6327296                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      2796848                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        22976753                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       679035                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    116436709                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        91307                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       518519                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    152691171                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    527812716                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    527812716                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    123906472                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       28784699                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        15709                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7947                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1569531                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     20931725                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      3427942                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22654                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       778610                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        115834285                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15766                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       108496740                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71062                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20825364                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42640596                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          109                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228160893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180593964     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14994128      6.57%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15919134      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9200410      4.03%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4773810      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1196732      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1422219      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33068      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27428      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228160893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        182812     57.24%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75012     23.49%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61563     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85124844     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       855238      0.79%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7764      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19110286     17.61%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3398608      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    108496740                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.405581                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319387                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002944                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    445544822                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136675690                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105748592                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    108816127                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86166                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4254525                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          283                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78856                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3300900                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       5560436                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81521                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    115850130                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14721                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20931725                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3427942                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7945                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39091                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2199                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          283                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       986776                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       563914                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1550690                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107116080                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18834777                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1380660                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           22233208                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       16279237                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          3398431                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.400420                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            105772748                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           105748592                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        63979168                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       139615860                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.395308                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.458251                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84220204                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     94878737                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20976026                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15657                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1453606                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224859993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189505139     84.28%     84.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13913408      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8914684      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2810817      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4649625      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       912830      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       578724      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       529612      0.24%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3045154      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224859993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     84220204                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     94878737                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             20026286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            16677200                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              7812                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         14551627                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        82934292                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1192160                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3045154                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          337669290                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         235012998                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4318312                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              39348593                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          84220204                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            94878737                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     84220204                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.176310                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.176310                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.314831                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.314831                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      497795549                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     137861384                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     123738435                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        15642                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       18860513                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15425951                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1843030                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7797912                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7437768                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1938717                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81581                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183032012                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            107052262                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          18860513                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9376485                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            22430225                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5367452                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      8275337                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11256886                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1855172                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    217221316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602101                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      194791091     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1218827      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1919745      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3057995      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1266643      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1410468      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1514516      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         985308      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11056723      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    217221316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070504                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.400181                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      181293163                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     10028015                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        22360275                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        56585                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3483274                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3090695                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          446                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    130707102                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2890                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3483274                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      181572238                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2015681                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      7171109                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        22142699                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       836311                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    130620717                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents        49673                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       224210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       302236                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        75471                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    181333380                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    607647865                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    607647865                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    154704986                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       26628394                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        33771                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18811                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2415187                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     12443704                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6693119                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       202093                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1523597                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        130436913                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33869                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       123428907                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       156812                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16540919                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36961126                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3698                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217221316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    165148305     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20923357      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11419430      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7793097      3.59%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7279511      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2091421      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1630975      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       555360      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       379860      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217221316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28532     12.56%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87284     38.41%     50.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111438     49.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103394695     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1952914      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14957      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11409129      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6657212      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    123428907                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.461400                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227254                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464463196                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    147013055                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121449975                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    123656161                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       370622                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2233113                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          358                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1390                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       202267                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7704                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3483274                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1263453                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       111569                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130470920                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12443704                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6693119                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18800                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        82211                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1390                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1077065                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1052542                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2129607                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121676599                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10729301                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1752308                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           17384747                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       17123134                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6655446                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.454850                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            121450839                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           121449975                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        71007807                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       185509577                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.454002                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382772                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90872905                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    111386931                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19084471                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30171                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1882367                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213738042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168524024     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21897704     10.25%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8521437      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4593843      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3437824      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1920556      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1185109      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1060266      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2597279      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213738042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     90872905                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    111386931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             16701443                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10210591                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             15052                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15989086                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       100367943                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2262776                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2597279                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          341611554                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         264426278                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2966487                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              50288170                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          90872905                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           111386931                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     90872905                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.943776                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.943776                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.339700                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.339700                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      548691743                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     168344208                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     121926608                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        30144                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       18371452                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16394919                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1465021                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12300941                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11967011                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1109320                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44780                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193999193                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            104306466                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          18371452                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     13076331                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            23261382                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       4794014                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      7807598                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11738241                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1438026                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    228388905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      205127523     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3537908      1.55%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1795787      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3501354      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1131368      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3240672      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         513550      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         828448      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        8712295      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    228388905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068676                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.389917                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      192159044                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      9692311                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        23215422                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        18692                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3303435                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1743334                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        17298                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    116756307                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        32734                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3303435                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      192368542                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       6212175                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2815766                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23007681                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       681299                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    116585814                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          209                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        90834                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       520879                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    152875648                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    528496839                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    528496839                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    124089551                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       28786071                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        15740                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7967                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1570813                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     20962612                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3432353                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22839                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       780409                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        115984542                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15796                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       108653797                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70701                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20833515                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42627018                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          115                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228388905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180751641     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15015238      6.57%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15944082      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9216114      4.04%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4778939      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1199064      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1423258      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33123      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27446      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228388905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        182849     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75157     23.51%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61627     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85245873     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       856136      0.79%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7774      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19140964     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3403050      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    108653797                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.406168                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319633                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002942                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446086832                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136834123                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105900847                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    108973430                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86580                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4258083                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          275                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78926                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3303435                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       5442962                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81690                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116000416                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20962612                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3432353                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7963                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39162                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2151                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          275                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       989282                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       563673                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1552955                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107269889                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18863949                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1383907                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           22266814                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16302275                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3402865                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.400995                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            105925264                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           105900847                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        64072777                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       139827406                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.395877                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.458228                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84348660                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     95020945                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20984151                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15681                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1455774                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225085470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189681026     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13931174      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8926716      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2815128      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4657245      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       914421      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       578954      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       530302      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3050504      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225085470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     84348660                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     95020945                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             20057956                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            16704529                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              7824                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         14573896                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        83057600                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1193702                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3050504                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          338039750                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         235316255                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4324465                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              39120581                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          84348660                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            95020945                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     84348660                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.171473                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.171473                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.315311                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.315311                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      498521740                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     138051585                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     123898571                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        15666                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       18854968                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15419295                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1841623                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7912001                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7446668                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1939779                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81887                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183068275                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            106948512                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          18854968                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9386447                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            22420553                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5349404                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      8396753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11256230                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1853585                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    217352584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945727                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      194932031     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1219237      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1922212      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3056579      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1267147      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1421249      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1507013      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         984880      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11042236      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    217352584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070483                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399793                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      181338193                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     10140603                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        22350863                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        56387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3466534                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3091425                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          448                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    130600494                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2902                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3466534                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      181614770                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2045766                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      7260847                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        22135559                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       829104                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    130513938                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        42641                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       222461                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       299557                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        74062                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    181181644                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    607116398                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    607116398                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    154747316                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       26434328                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        33789                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18825                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2396895                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12445702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6691056                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       201992                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1521813                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        130330300                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33885                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       123418876                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155989                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16400782                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36451784                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3705                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217352584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567828                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    165271935     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20926802      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11437721      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7785565      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7272957      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2092179      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1630051      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       556084      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       379290      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217352584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28598     12.59%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87037     38.33%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111439     49.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103386654     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1949724      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14962      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11412188      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6655348      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    123418876                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.461363                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227074                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464573399                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    146766304                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121439468                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    123645950                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       375145                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2232309                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          326                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1364                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       198395                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7692                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3466534                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1276254                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       110304                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130364329                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12445702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6691056                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18810                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        81204                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1364                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1077594                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1049553                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2127147                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121665333                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10734386                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1753543                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           17388035                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17127817                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6653649                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.454808                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            121440329                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           121439468                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        71003054                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       185453304                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.453963                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382862                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90897799                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    111417474                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18947357                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30180                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1881055                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213886050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168655924     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21904152     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8527467      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4595928      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3439904      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1920063      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1185344      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1059535      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2597733      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213886050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     90897799                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    111417474                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             16706054                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10213393                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             15056                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15993468                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       100395485                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2263402                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2597733                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          341652537                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         264196382                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2965017                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              50156902                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          90897799                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           111417474                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     90897799                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.942970                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.942970                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.339793                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.339793                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      548662532                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     168326618                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     121826276                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        30154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        12026                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.439116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         193492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        14074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        13.748188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.917476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     5.047567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1518.417479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         497.056593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.002465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.741415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.242703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 28739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  28895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28893                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 28895                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               12023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                12023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               12023                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9935216170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9999534087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9935216170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     9999534087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9935216170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    9999534087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             40762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              40918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             40918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.294278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 829109.252274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831700.414788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 829109.252274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 831700.414788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 829109.252274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 831700.414788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           12022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60804484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8882880129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8943684613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60804484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8882880129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8943684613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60804484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8882880129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8943684613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.294253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520112.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 741352.038808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743943.155299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520112.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 741352.038808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743943.155299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520112.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 741352.038808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743943.155299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        29179                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.602921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         163938                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        31227                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         5.249880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.093598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.594499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1653.237502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         378.677323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.807245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.184901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 36783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7625                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                7625                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  36877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36876                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 36877                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               29139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                29169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29130                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               29169                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67511372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  27297784076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   27365295448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     28443051                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28443051                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67511372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  27326227127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    27393738499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67511372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  27326227127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   27393738499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        65882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             65922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7625                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            7625                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        66006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              66046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        66006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             66046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1731060.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 938068.181306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 939129.532517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 948101.700000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 948101.700000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1731060.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 938078.514487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 939138.760293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1731060.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 938078.514487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 939138.760293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               4353                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    4353                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           29169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          29169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64086536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24741995745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24806082281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     25808551                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25808551                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64086536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24767804296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24831890832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64086536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24767804296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24831890832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1643244.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 850240.403608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851301.770171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 860285.033333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860285.033333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1643244.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 850250.748232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851311.009359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1643244.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 850250.748232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851311.009359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        29316                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.613320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         164056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        31364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         5.230710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.244015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.609606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1655.989860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         375.769839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.808589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.183481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        36875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 36876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7651                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                7651                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        36969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  36970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        36969                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 36970                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        29235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               29275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        29266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                29306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        29266                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               29306                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66146035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  26982379531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   27048525566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     28305970                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28305970                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66146035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  27010685501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    27076831536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66146035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  27010685501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   27076831536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        66110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             66151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            7651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        66235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              66276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        66235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             66276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.442218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.248000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.248000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.441851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.441851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1653650.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 922947.820455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 923946.219163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 913095.806452                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 913095.806452                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1653650.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 922937.384713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 923934.741555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1653650.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 922937.384713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 923934.741555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               4368                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    4368                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        29235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        29266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           29306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        29266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          29306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62634035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  24415203814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24477837849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     25583422                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25583422                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62634035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  24440787236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24503421271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62634035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  24440787236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24503421271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.442218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.248000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.441851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.441851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1565850.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 835136.097623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836134.512348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 825271.677419                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 825271.677419                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1565850.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 835125.648739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836123.021600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1565850.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 835125.648739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836123.021600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        18705                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.527705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         229262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        20753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        11.047174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.045795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.817294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1652.946357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         359.718260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.807103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.175644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 34574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               18878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  34722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34721                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 34722                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               18688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                18695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18656                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               18695                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     79940467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15871663466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15951603933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5215977                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5215977                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     79940467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15876879443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    15956819910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     79940467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15876879443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   15956819910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        53222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             53262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           18878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        53377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              53417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        53377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             53417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.045161                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.045161                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2049755.564103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 851073.165639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 853574.696757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 745139.571429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 745139.571429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2049755.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 851033.417828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 853534.095213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2049755.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 851033.417828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 853534.095213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks              10120                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                   10120                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           18695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          18695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76515426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14233847824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14310363250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4601377                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4601377                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76515426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14238449201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14314964627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76515426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14238449201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14314964627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.045161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1961934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 763249.923535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765751.458155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 657339.571429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 657339.571429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1961934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 763210.184445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765710.865312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1961934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 763210.184445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765710.865312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        18602                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.532247                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         229406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        20650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        11.109249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.076444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.618011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1652.343041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         360.494751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.806808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.176023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 34676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18920                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               18920                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  34823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34822                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 34823                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               18585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                18591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18555                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               18591                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80322520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15689687634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15770010154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5865628                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5865628                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80322520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15695553262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    15775875782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80322520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15695553262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   15775875782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        53224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             53261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18920                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           18920                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        53377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              53414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        53377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             53414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.039216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.039216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2231181.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 845850.861718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 848534.310143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 977604.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 977604.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2231181.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 845893.466020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 848575.965897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2231181.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 845893.466020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 848575.965897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks              10090                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                   10090                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           18591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          18591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77160822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14060898142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14138058964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5338828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5338828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77160822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14066236970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14143397792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77160822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14066236970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14143397792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.039216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2143356.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 758040.764570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760724.184235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 889804.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889804.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2143356.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 758083.372137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760765.843257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2143356.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 758083.372137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760765.843257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         8679                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.213339                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         216271                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        10727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        20.161369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.109308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     6.037700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1394.983228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         608.083104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.002948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.681144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.296916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 28196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8810                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                8810                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  28410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28408                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 28410                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                8679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 8679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8639                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                8679                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105294994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7041535978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7146830972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105294994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7041535978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     7146830972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105294994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7041535978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    7146830972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             36875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8810                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            8810                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        37047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              37089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        37047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             37089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.234545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.233190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.233190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2632374.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815086.928811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823462.492453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2632374.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815086.928811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823462.492453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2632374.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815086.928811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823462.492453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            8679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           8679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101782994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6282917082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6384700076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101782994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6282917082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6384700076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101782994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6282917082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6384700076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.234545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.233190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.233190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2544574.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 727273.652275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735649.277106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2544574.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 727273.652275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735649.277106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2544574.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 727273.652275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735649.277106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        29139                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.601886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         163991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        31187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.258313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.107607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.803027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1651.614912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         380.076340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.806453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.185584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 36834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7628                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                7628                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  36928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36927                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 36928                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               29098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                29129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29088                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               29129                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73055519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  27074378696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   27147434215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     30100383                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30100383                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73055519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  27104479079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    27177534598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73055519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  27104479079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   27177534598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        65890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             65932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7628                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            7628                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        66015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              66057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        66015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             66057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.440993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.248000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.248000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.440627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.440968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.440627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.440968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1781841.926829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 931767.859586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932965.640766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 970980.096774                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 970980.096774                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1781841.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 931809.649306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 933006.096948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1781841.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 931809.649306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 933006.096948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4360                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4360                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           29129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          29129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69454822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24522501785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24591956607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     27378583                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27378583                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69454822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24549880368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24619335190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69454822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24549880368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24619335190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.440993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.248000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.440627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.440627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1694020.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 843944.721926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845142.504880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 883180.096774                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883180.096774                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1694020.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 843986.536304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845182.985684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1694020.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 843986.536304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845182.985684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        29295                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.605206                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         164022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        31343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         5.233130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.738771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.678536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1654.495982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         377.691917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.807859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.184420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        36847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 36848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7644                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                7644                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        36941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  36942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        36941                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 36942                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               29255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                29285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29245                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               29285                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     57465974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  27051779597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   27109245571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     22351099                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     22351099                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     57465974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  27074130696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    27131596670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     57465974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  27074130696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   27131596670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        66062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             66103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7644                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            7644                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        66186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              66227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        66186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             66227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.442236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.441861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.441861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1436649.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 925955.146226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 926653.412100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 745036.633333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 745036.633333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1436649.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 925769.557052                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 926467.361106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1436649.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 925769.557052                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 926467.361106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               4367                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    4367                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           29285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          29285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53953974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  24486504298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24540458272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19717099                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19717099                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53953974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  24506221397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24560175371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53953974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  24506221397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24560175371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.442236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.441861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.441861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1348849.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 838148.358651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838846.633806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 657236.633333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 657236.633333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1348849.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 837962.776440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838660.589756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1348849.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 837962.776440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838660.589756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        18169                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.842707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         158950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        20217                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         7.862195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.573255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.590014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1659.768014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         355.911423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.810434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.173785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 34402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6270                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                6270                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  34470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34469                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 34470                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               18168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                18168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18133                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               18168                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     56523034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14251581053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14308104087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     56523034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14251581053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    14308104087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     56523034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14251581053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   14308104087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        52534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             52570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6270                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            6270                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        52602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              52638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        52602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             52638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1614943.828571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 785947.226217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 787544.258421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1614943.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 785947.226217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 787544.258421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1614943.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 785947.226217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 787544.258421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               2417                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    2417                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           18168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          18168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     53449723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12659143279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12712593002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     53449723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12659143279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12712593002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     53449723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12659143279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12712593002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1527134.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 698127.352286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699724.405658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1527134.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 698127.352286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699724.405658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1527134.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 698127.352286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699724.405658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        18116                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.833779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         158811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        20164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         7.875967                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.634549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.560007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1663.434451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         353.204772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.812224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.172463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        34348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 34349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6184                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                6184                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        34417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  34418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        34417                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 34418                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               18115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                18115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18081                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               18115                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     55222156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14663247892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14718470048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     55222156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14663247892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    14718470048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     55222156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14663247892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   14718470048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        52429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             52464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6184                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            6184                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        52498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              52533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        52498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             52533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1624181.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 810975.493170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 812501.796743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1624181.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 810975.493170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 812501.796743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1624181.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 810975.493170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 812501.796743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               2413                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    2413                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           18115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          18115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     52226671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13074393750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13126620421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     52226671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13074393750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13126620421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     52226671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13074393750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13126620421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1536078.558824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 723101.252696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724627.127850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1536078.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 723101.252696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724627.127850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1536078.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 723101.252696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724627.127850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        18732                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.534001                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         229372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        20780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        11.038114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.011623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.667132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1648.973348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         363.881897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.805163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.177677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 34636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18925                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total               18925                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  34784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34783                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 34784                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               18717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                18722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18686                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               18722                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     68203928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15839728341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15907932269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      3757417                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3757417                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     68203928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15843485758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    15911689686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     68203928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15843485758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   15911689686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        53316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             53353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18925                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total           18925                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        53469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              53506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        53469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             53506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.032680                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.032680                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.349474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.349474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1894553.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 847905.804882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 849918.911631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 751483.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 751483.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1894553.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 847880.004174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 849892.622904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1894553.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 847880.004174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 849892.622904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks              10122                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                   10122                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           18722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          18722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     65043128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14199415035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14264458163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      3318417                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3318417                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     65043128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14202733452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14267776580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     65043128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14202733452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14267776580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.032680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.349474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.349474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1806753.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 760099.300626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762112.419886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 663683.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 663683.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1806753.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 760073.501659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762086.132892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1806753.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 760073.501659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762086.132892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         8678                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.213293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         216219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        10726                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        20.158400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.110148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     6.035214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1395.033560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         608.034371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.681169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.296892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 28163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8791                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                8791                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  28377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28375                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 28377                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                8678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 8678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8638                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                8678                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    107605719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7048272429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7155878148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    107605719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7048272429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     7155878148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    107605719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7048272429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    7155878148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        36799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             36841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8791                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            8791                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        37013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              37055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        37013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             37055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.234735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.233377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.233377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2690142.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 815961.151771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 824599.924867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2690142.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 815961.151771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 824599.924867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2690142.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 815961.151771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 824599.924867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            8678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           8678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    104092410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6289614470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6393706880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    104092410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6289614470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6393706880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    104092410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6289614470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6393706880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.234735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.233377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.233377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2602310.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 728133.187080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736771.938235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2602310.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 728133.187080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736771.938235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2602310.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 728133.187080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736771.938235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        18151                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.837184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         158830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        20199                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         7.863261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.636798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.501361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1661.234863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         355.464163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.811150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.173566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        34383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 34384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6168                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                6168                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        34452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  34453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        34452                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 34453                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               18150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                18150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18116                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               18150                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50518657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14600636863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14651155520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50518657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14600636863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    14651155520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50518657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14600636863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   14651155520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        52499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             52534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6168                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            6168                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        52568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              52603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        52568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             52603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.345073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1485842.852941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 805952.575789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 807226.199449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1485842.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 805952.575789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 807226.199449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1485842.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 805952.575789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 807226.199449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               2415                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    2415                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           18150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          18150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47533457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13009551407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13057084864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47533457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13009551407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13057084864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47533457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13009551407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13057084864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.345073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1398042.852941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 718124.939667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719398.615096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1398042.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 718124.939667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719398.615096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1398042.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 718124.939667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719398.615096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        29258                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.611878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         164076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        31306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         5.241040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.234966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.613071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1652.272941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         379.490900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.806774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.185298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        36902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 36903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7643                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                7643                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        36996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  36997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        36996                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 36997                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               29218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                29248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29208                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               29248                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65280216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  26968562022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   27033842238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23398493                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     23398493                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65280216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  26991960515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    27057240731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65280216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  26991960515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   27057240731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        66080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             66121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7643                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            7643                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        66204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              66245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        66204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             66245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.441556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.441182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.441182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1632005.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 924277.264446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 925246.157779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 779949.766667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 779949.766667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1632005.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 924129.023384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 925097.125650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1632005.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 924129.023384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 925097.125650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               4366                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    4366                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           29248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          29248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61767841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  24406221632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24467989473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     20764493                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20764493                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61767841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  24426986125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24488753966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61767841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  24426986125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24488753966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.441556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.441182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.441182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1544196.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 836459.717321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837428.621843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 692149.766667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 692149.766667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1544196.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 836311.494282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837279.607700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1544196.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 836311.494282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837279.607700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        18163                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.835734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         158783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        20211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         7.856266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.633606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.643096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1658.926020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         357.633012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.810022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.174625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 34321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6184                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                6184                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  34390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34389                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 34390                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               18162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                18162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18127                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               18162                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61091327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14467404922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14528496249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61091327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14467404922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    14528496249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61091327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14467404922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   14528496249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        52447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             52483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6184                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            6184                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        52516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              52552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        52516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             52552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1745466.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 798113.583163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 799939.227453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1745466.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 798113.583163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 799939.227453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1745466.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 798113.583163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 799939.227453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               2418                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    2418                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           18162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          18162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58017783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12875361695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12933379478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58017783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12875361695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12933379478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58017783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12875361695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12933379478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1657650.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 710286.406741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712112.073450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1657650.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 710286.406741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712112.073450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1657650.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 710286.406741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712112.073450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        29239                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.603397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         164136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        31287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         5.246141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.093665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.593647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1653.377965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         378.538119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.807313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.184833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 36950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7656                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                7656                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        37043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  37044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        37043                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 37044                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               29199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                29229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29190                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               29229                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82204991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  26999267272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   27081472263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     28664001                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28664001                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82204991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  27027931273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    27110136264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82204991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  27027931273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   27110136264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        66109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             66149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7656                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            7656                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        66233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              66273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        66233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             66273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.441090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2107820.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 925900.798080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 927479.443234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 955466.700000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 955466.700000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2107820.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 925931.184412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 927508.168737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2107820.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 925931.184412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 927508.168737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               4370                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    4370                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           29229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          29229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78780296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24438757527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24517537823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     26030001                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26030001                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78780296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24464787528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24543567824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78780296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24464787528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24543567824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.441090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2020007.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 838091.821914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839670.462105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 867666.700000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867666.700000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2020007.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 838122.217472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839699.196825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2020007.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 838122.217472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839699.196825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              515.844717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012189541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1957813.425532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.844717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.065456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12181445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12181445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12181445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12181499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12181499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12181499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                40876                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166566795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                41132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4049.567125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.161301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.838699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.910786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.089214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8380773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8380773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7056038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15436811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15436811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15436811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15436811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       130841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       131765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131765                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       131765                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44464563204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44464563204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     77654187                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77654187                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44542217391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44542217391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44542217391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44542217391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8511614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8511614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15568576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15568576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 339836.620050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339836.620050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 84041.327922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84041.327922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 338042.859568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338042.859568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 338042.859568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338042.859568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11908287178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11908287178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10053538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10053538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11918340716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11918340716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11918340716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11918340716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 292443.201817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292443.201817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64445.756410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64445.756410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 291573.067717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291573.067717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 291573.067717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291573.067717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              528.989311                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1016996595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1918861.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.989311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.062483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11221270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11221270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11221270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11221270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11221270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11221270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    100691843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100691843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    100691843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100691843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    100691843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100691843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11221330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11221330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11221330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11221330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11221330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11221330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1678197.383333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1678197.383333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1678197.383333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1678197.383333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1678197.383333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1678197.383333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67900755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67900755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67900755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67900755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67900755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67900755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1697518.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1697518.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1697518.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1697518.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1697518.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1697518.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                66006                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              180107635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                66262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2718.113474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.086658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.913342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.914401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.085599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7773433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7773433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6438459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6438459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18488                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18488                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15023                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15023                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14211892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       14211892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14211892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      14211892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       171470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          889                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          889                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       172359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       172359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       172359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       172359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  75195920361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  75195920361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    357737405                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    357737405                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  75553657766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75553657766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  75553657766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75553657766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7944903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7944903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6439348                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6439348                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18488                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18488                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        15023                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15023                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     14384251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14384251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     14384251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14384251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 438536.889024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438536.889024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 402404.280090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 402404.280090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 438350.522839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438350.522839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 438350.522839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438350.522839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       157094                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       157094                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            7625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       105588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       105588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       106353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       106353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       106353                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       106353                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        65882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        65882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        66006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        66006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29954914155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29954914155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     34761054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34761054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29989675209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29989675209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29989675209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29989675209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454675.239899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454675.239899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 280331.080645                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 280331.080645                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454347.713981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454347.713981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454347.713981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454347.713981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              529.665699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1017031308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1915313.197740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    39.665699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.063567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11255983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11255983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11255983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11255983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11255983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11255983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104094340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104094340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104094340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104094340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104094340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104094340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11256046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11256046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11256046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11256046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11256046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11256046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1652291.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1652291.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1652291.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1652291.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1652291.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1652291.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66563415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66563415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66563415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66563415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66563415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66563415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1623497.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1623497.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1623497.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1623497.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1623497.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1623497.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                66235                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              180154683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                66491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              2709.459671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.092468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    21.907532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.914424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.085576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7798609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7798609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6460223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6460223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15074                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15074                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14258832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       14258832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14258832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      14258832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       172084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       172919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       172919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       172919                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       172919                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  74848167189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74848167189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    320613593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    320613593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  75168780782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75168780782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  75168780782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75168780782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7970693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7970693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6461058                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6461058                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        18545                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18545                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        15074                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15074                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14431751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14431751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14431751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14431751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 434951.344628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434951.344628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 383968.374850                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 383968.374850                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 434705.155489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 434705.155489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 434705.155489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 434705.155489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       157217                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       157217                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            7651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       105974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       105974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       106684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       106684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       106684                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       106684                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        66110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        66110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        66235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        66235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29646147219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29646147219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     34628923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34628923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29680776142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29680776142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29680776142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29680776142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 448436.654349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448436.654349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 277031.384000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 277031.384000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 448113.174938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448113.174938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 448113.174938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448113.174938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              520.261174                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1012871190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1940366.264368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    38.261174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.061316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11547039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11547039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11547039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11547039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11547039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11547039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    135894291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    135894291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    135894291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    135894291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    135894291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    135894291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11547099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11547099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11547099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11547099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11547099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11547099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2264904.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2264904.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2264904.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2264904.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2264904.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2264904.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80339868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80339868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80339868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80339868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80339868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80339868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2008496.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2008496.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2008496.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2008496.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2008496.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2008496.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                53377                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              172042822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                53633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3207.779203                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.929049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.070951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.913785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.086215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8140481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8140481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6881623                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6881623                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16841                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16841                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15837                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15837                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15022104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15022104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15022104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15022104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       181966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5429                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5429                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       187395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       187395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       187395                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       187395                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  77137585672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77137585672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3520549139                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3520549139                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  80658134811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80658134811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  80658134811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80658134811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8322447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8322447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6887052                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6887052                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16841                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16841                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        15837                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15837                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15209499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15209499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15209499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15209499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 423912.080674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423912.080674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 648471.014736                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 648471.014736                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 430417.752934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430417.752934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 430417.752934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430417.752934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     53415561                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets            97                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 550675.886598                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           18878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       128744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       128744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       134018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       134018                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134018                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        53222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        53377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        53377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18300223701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18300223701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14874254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14874254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18315097955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18315097955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18315097955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18315097955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343846.974954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343846.974954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95962.929032                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95962.929032                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343127.151301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343127.151301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343127.151301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343127.151301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              517.923280                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1012878782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1951596.882466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    35.923280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.057569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11554631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11554631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11554631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11554631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11554631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11554631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    125451674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125451674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    125451674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    125451674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    125451674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    125451674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11554681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11554681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11554681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11554681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11554681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11554681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2509033.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2509033.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2509033.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2509033.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2509033.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2509033.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80710974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80710974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80710974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80710974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80710974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80710974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2181377.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2181377.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2181377.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2181377.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2181377.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2181377.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                53377                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              172057812                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                53633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3208.058695                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.926328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.073672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.913775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.086225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8148110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8148110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6888721                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6888721                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17088                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17088                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15853                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15853                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15036831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15036831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15036831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15036831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       182662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       188055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       188055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       188055                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       188055                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  77038010980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77038010980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3372714825                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3372714825                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  80410725805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80410725805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  80410725805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80410725805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8330772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8330772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6894114                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6894114                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17088                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17088                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        15853                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15853                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15224886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15224886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15224886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15224886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 421751.710701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421751.710701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 625387.506953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 625387.506953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 427591.533355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427591.533355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 427591.533355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427591.533355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     51971855                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets            94                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 552892.074468                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           18920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       129438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       129438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       134678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       134678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        53224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        53377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        53377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18123725635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18123725635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15462541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15462541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18139188176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18139188176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18139188176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18139188176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 340517.917387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340517.917387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101062.359477                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101062.359477                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 339831.541226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339831.541226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 339831.541226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339831.541226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              495.048829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1015638449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2043538.126761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    40.048829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.064181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12539009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12539009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12539009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12539009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12539009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12539009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    160453360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160453360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    160453360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    160453360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    160453360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    160453360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12539069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12539069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12539069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12539069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12539069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12539069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2674222.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2674222.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2674222.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2674222.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2674222.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2674222.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1255573                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 313893.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105763155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105763155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105763155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105763155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105763155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105763155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2518170.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2518170.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2518170.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2518170.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2518170.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2518170.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                37047                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              164702054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                37303                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4415.249551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.469189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.530811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.911989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.088011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      9999121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9999121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7428905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7428905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19879                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19879                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18068                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18068                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17428026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       17428026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17428026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      17428026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        95256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        97419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        97419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        97419                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        97419                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21374174547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21374174547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    139581492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139581492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21513756039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21513756039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21513756039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21513756039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     10094377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10094377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7431068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7431068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        19879                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19879                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18068                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18068                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17525445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17525445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17525445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17525445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 224386.648054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224386.648054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64531.434119                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64531.434119                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 220837.372987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220837.372987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 220837.372987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220837.372987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8810                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8810                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        58423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        60372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        60372                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60372                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        37047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        37047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8946545643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8946545643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15589336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15589336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8962134979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8962134979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8962134979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8962134979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 242894.840035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242894.840035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 72847.364486                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72847.364486                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 241912.569952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241912.569952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 241912.569952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241912.569952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              530.404337                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1017010047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1911673.020677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    40.404337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.064751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.850007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11234722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11234722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11234722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11234722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11234722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11234722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    104073965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104073965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    104073965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104073965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    104073965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104073965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11234787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11234787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11234787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11234787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11234787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11234787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1601137.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1601137.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1601137.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1601137.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1601137.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1601137.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73462583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73462583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73462583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73462583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73462583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73462583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1749109.119048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1749109.119048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1749109.119048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1749109.119048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1749109.119048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1749109.119048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                66015                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              180126256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                66271                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2718.025320                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.119852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.880148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7783566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7783566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6446903                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6446903                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18512                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18512                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15043                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15043                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14230469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       14230469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14230469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      14230469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       171564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          911                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          911                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       172475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       172475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       172475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       172475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  75210588790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  75210588790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    379518613                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    379518613                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  75590107403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75590107403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  75590107403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75590107403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7955130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7955130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6447814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6447814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18512                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18512                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        15043                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15043                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14402944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14402944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14402944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14402944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 438382.112739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438382.112739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 416595.623491                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 416595.623491                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 438267.038139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438267.038139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 438267.038139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438267.038139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       312201                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 156100.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       105674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       105674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       106460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       106460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       106460                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       106460                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        65890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        65890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        66015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        66015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29734170601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29734170601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     36438935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36438935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29770609536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29770609536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29770609536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29770609536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451269.852800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451269.852800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 291511.480000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291511.480000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 450967.348875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450967.348875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 450967.348875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450967.348875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              529.341446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1017020666                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1915293.156309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    39.341446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.063047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11245341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11245341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11245341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11245341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11245341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11245341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87118213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87118213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87118213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87118213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87118213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87118213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11245402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11245402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11245402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11245402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11245402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11245402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1428167.426230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1428167.426230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1428167.426230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1428167.426230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1428167.426230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1428167.426230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     57868734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57868734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     57868734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57868734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     57868734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57868734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1411432.536585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1411432.536585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1411432.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1411432.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1411432.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1411432.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                66186                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              180143889                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                66442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              2711.295400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   234.082402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    21.917598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.914384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.085616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7792531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7792531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6455514                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6455514                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18550                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18550                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15062                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15062                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     14248045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       14248045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     14248045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      14248045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       172190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          891                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          891                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       173081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       173081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       173081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       173081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  75191247412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  75191247412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    315854755                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    315854755                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  75507102167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75507102167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  75507102167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75507102167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7964721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7964721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6456405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6456405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18550                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18550                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        15062                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15062                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     14421126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14421126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     14421126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14421126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 436676.040490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436676.040490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 354494.674523                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 354494.674523                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 436252.980784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436252.980784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 436252.980784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436252.980784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       334537                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 167268.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            7644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       106128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       106895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       106895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       106895                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       106895                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        66062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        66062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        66186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        66186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  29714086524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29714086524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     28681001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28681001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  29742767525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29742767525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  29742767525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29742767525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 449790.901335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449790.901335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 231298.395161                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231298.395161                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 449381.553878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449381.553878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 449381.553878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449381.553878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              559.038543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              931905182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1655248.991119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    34.813615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   524.224929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.055791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.840104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11760150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11760150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11760150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11760150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11760150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11760150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68358947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68358947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68358947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68358947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68358947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68358947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11760198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11760198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11760198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11760198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11760198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11760198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1424144.729167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1424144.729167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1424144.729167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1424144.729167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1424144.729167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1424144.729167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     56911582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56911582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     56911582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56911582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     56911582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56911582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1580877.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1580877.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1580877.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1580877.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1580877.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1580877.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                52602                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              223958994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                52858                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4236.993341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   202.995121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    53.004879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.792950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.207050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17242222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17242222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3343201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3343201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7906                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7906                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7845                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7845                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     20585423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       20585423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     20585423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      20585423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       185716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       186012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       186012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       186012                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       186012                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  82093719269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82093719269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     25460518                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25460518                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  82119179787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82119179787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  82119179787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82119179787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17427938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17427938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3343497                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3343497                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7906                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7906                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7845                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7845                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     20771435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20771435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     20771435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20771435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 442039.023396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442039.023396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86015.263514                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86015.263514                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 441472.484501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441472.484501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 441472.484501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441472.484501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            6270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       133182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       133410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       133410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        52534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        52602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        52602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16657796265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16657796265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4426222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4426222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16662222487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16662222487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16662222487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16662222487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 317086.006491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317086.006491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 65091.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65091.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 316760.246512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316760.246512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 316760.246512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316760.246512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              558.997571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              931857523                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1658109.471530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    33.873712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.123859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.054285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11712491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11712491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11712491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11712491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11712491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11712491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     66223877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66223877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     66223877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66223877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     66223877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66223877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11712539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11712539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11712539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11712539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11712539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11712539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1379664.104167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1379664.104167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1379664.104167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1379664.104167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1379664.104167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1379664.104167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     55615467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55615467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     55615467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55615467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     55615467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55615467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1589013.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1589013.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1589013.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1589013.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1589013.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1589013.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                52498                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              223880037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                52754                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4243.849509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   202.133773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    53.866227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.789585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.210415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17177027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17177027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3329512                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3329512                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7811                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7811                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     20506539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       20506539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     20506539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      20506539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       185084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          308                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          308                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       185392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       185392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       185392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       185392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  84363342464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84363342464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     26430060                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26430060                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  84389772524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84389772524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  84389772524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84389772524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17362111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17362111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3329820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3329820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7811                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7811                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     20691931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20691931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     20691931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20691931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 455811.104493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 455811.104493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 85811.883117                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85811.883117                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 455196.408281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 455196.408281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 455196.408281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 455196.408281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            6184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       132655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       132894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       132894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       132894                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       132894                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        52429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        52498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        52498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17065954538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17065954538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4480978                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4480978                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17070435516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17070435516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17070435516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17070435516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 325506.008850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325506.008850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64941.710145                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64941.710145                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 325163.539868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325163.539868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 325163.539868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325163.539868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              518.005302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1012873677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1951587.046243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    36.005302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.057701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11549526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11549526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11549526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11549526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11549526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11549526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    106525113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106525113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    106525113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106525113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    106525113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106525113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11549578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11549578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11549578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11549578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11549578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11549578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2048559.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2048559.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2048559.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2048559.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2048559.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2048559.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     68591686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68591686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     68591686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68591686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     68591686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68591686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1853829.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1853829.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1853829.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1853829.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1853829.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1853829.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                53468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              172054618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                53724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3202.565297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.927750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.072250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.913780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.086220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8146610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8146610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6887306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6887306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        16812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        15850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15033916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       15033916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15033916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      15033916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       182327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5478                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5478                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       187805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       187805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       187805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       187805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  76918171025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  76918171025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3321908906                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3321908906                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  80240079931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80240079931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  80240079931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80240079931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8328937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8328937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6892784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6892784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        16812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        15850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15221721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15221721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15221721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15221721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000795                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000795                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 421869.339291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421869.339291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 606409.073750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 606409.073750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 427252.096222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427252.096222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 427252.096222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427252.096222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     50276635                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets            99                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 507844.797980                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           18925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       129011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       129011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       134336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       134336                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134336                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        53316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        53469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        53469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  18272270457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18272270457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13422044                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13422044                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  18285692501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18285692501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  18285692501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18285692501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 342716.453916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342716.453916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 87725.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87725.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 341986.805457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341986.805457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 341986.805457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341986.805457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              495.049078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1015637150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2043535.513078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    40.049078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.064181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12537710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12537710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12537710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12537710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12537710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12537710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    162485174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162485174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    162485174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    162485174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    162485174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    162485174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12537769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12537769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12537769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12537769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12537769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12537769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2753986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2753986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2753986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      2753986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2753986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      2753986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       622856                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 207618.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    108084758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108084758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    108084758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    108084758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    108084758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108084758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2573446.619048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2573446.619048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2573446.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2573446.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2573446.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2573446.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                37012                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              164697375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                37268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4419.270554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.466371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.533629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.911978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.088022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      9995472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9995472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7427849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7427849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19907                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19907                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18066                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18066                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17423321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       17423321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17423321                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      17423321                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        95178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        97341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        97341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        97341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        97341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21446503035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21446503035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    139643134                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139643134                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21586146169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21586146169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21586146169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21586146169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     10090650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10090650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7430012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7430012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        19907                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19907                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        18066                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18066                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17520662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17520662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17520662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17520662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 225330.465391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225330.465391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64559.932501                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64559.932501                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 221758.007099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221758.007099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 221758.007099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221758.007099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            8791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        58379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        60328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        60328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8951047626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8951047626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     15593290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15593290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8966640916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8966640916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8966640916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8966640916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 243241.599663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243241.599663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 72865.841121                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72865.841121                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 242256.529219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242256.529219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 242256.529219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242256.529219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              559.078696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              931865952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1658124.469751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    33.914018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.164678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.054349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11720920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11720920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11720920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11720920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11720920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11720920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     57659657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57659657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     57659657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57659657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     57659657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57659657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11720965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11720965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11720965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11720965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11720965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11720965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1281325.711111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1281325.711111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1281325.711111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1281325.711111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1281325.711111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1281325.711111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50912562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50912562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50912562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50912562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50912562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50912562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1454644.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1454644.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1454644.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1454644.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1454644.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1454644.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                52568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              223894617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                52824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4238.501761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   202.175976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    53.824024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.789750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.210250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17188123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17188123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3332974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3332974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7879                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7879                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7821                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7821                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     20521097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       20521097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     20521097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      20521097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       185369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       185669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       185669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       185669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       185669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  84086013769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84086013769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     25925147                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25925147                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  84111938916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84111938916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  84111938916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84111938916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17373492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17373492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3333274                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3333274                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7879                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7879                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7821                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7821                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     20706766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20706766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     20706766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20706766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453614.216881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 453614.216881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86417.156667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86417.156667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453020.907723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453020.907723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453020.907723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453020.907723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6168                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            6168                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       132870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       133101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       133101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        52499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        52568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        52568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  17005679797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17005679797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4489183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4489183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  17010168980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17010168980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  17010168980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17010168980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 323923.880398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323923.880398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 65060.623188                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65060.623188                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 323584.100213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323584.100213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 323584.100213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323584.100213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              529.729247                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1017032152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1915314.787194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    39.729247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.063669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11256827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11256827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11256827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11256827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11256827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11256827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    103855977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103855977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    103855977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103855977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    103855977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103855977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11256886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11256886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11256886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11256886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11256886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11256886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1760270.796610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1760270.796610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1760270.796610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1760270.796610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1760270.796610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1760270.796610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65684706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65684706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65684706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65684706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65684706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65684706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1602066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1602066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1602066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1602066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1602066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1602066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                66204                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              180157275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                66460                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2710.762489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.085378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.914622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.914396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.085604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7801767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7801767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6459572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6459572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18632                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18632                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15072                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15072                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14261339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       14261339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14261339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      14261339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       172220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          828                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          828                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       173048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       173048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       173048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       173048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  74716591558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74716591558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    274573893                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    274573893                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  74991165451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74991165451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  74991165451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74991165451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7973987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7973987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6460400                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6460400                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18632                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18632                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        15072                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15072                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14434387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14434387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14434387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14434387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 433843.871548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 433843.871548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 331610.981884                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 331610.981884                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 433354.707659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433354.707659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 433354.707659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433354.707659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7643                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            7643                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       106140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       106844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       106844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       106844                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       106844                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        66080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        66080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        66204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        66204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29634093150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29634093150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     29722954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29722954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29663816104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29663816104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29663816104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29663816104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 448457.826120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448457.826120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 239701.241935                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239701.241935                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 448066.825328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448066.825328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 448066.825328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448066.825328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              558.647630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              931883223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1655209.987567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    34.376183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   524.271447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.055090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.840179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11738191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11738191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11738191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11738191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11738191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11738191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75952492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75952492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75952492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75952492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75952492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75952492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11738241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11738241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11738241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11738241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11738241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11738241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1519049.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1519049.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1519049.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1519049.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1519049.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1519049.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61467027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61467027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61467027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61467027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61467027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61467027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1707417.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1707417.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1707417.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1707417.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1707417.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1707417.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                52516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              223925685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                52772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4243.266979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   202.105028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    53.894972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.789473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.210527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17214848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17214848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3337289                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3337289                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7895                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7895                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     20552137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       20552137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     20552137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      20552137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       185441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          304                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          304                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       185745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       185745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       185745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       185745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  83364300779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83364300779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     26179828                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26179828                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  83390480607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83390480607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  83390480607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83390480607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17400289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17400289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3337593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3337593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7895                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7895                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     20737882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20737882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     20737882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20737882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 449546.221057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 449546.221057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86117.855263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86117.855263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 448951.415150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448951.415150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 448951.415150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448951.415150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            6184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       132994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       133229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       133229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        52447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        52516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        52516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16868502890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16868502890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4488636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4488636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16872991526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16872991526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16872991526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16872991526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 321629.509600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321629.509600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 65052.695652                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65052.695652                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 321292.397098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321292.397098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 321292.397098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321292.397098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              528.990769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1017031495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1918927.349057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    38.990769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.062485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11256170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11256170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11256170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11256170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11256170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11256170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    126422346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    126422346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    126422346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    126422346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    126422346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    126422346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11256230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11256230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11256230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11256230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11256230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11256230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2107039.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2107039.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2107039.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2107039.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2107039.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2107039.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82597562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82597562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82597562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82597562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82597562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82597562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2064939.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2064939.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2064939.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2064939.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2064939.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2064939.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                66233                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              180158385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                66489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2709.596851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.088403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.911597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.914408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.085592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7801102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7801102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6461320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6461320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18654                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18654                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15077                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15077                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14262422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       14262422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14262422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      14262422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       172763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          879                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          879                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       173642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       173642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       173642                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       173642                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  75163935902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  75163935902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    353082831                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    353082831                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  75517018733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75517018733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  75517018733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75517018733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7973865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7973865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6462199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6462199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18654                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18654                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        15077                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15077                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14436064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14436064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14436064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14436064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 435069.638186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435069.638186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 401686.952218                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 401686.952218                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 434900.650378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 434900.650378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 434900.650378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 434900.650378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       156156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156156                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       106654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       107409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       107409                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107409                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        66109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        66109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        66233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        66233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29667531336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29667531336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34978424                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34978424                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29702509760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29702509760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29702509760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29702509760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 448766.905202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448766.905202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 282084.064516                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282084.064516                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 448454.845168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448454.845168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 448454.845168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448454.845168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
