
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.013177                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13176833874                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               578475265701                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 388606                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   490089                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 294739                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67751852                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 44706.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17373331435                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21910354577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       254848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       445184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       258816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       517760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       255360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       257152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       257152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       137216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       447232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       516992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       137216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       516224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       260480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       260608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       516096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       137472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5247616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           71808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1546368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1546368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         4045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         4039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         4033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         4032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 40997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           12081                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                12081                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       291421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     19340610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       349705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     33785354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       378847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     19641744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       310849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39293202                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       301135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     19379466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       330277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     19515462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       359419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     19515462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       349705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     10413427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       330277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     33940779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       330277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39234918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       349705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     10413427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       349705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39176634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       378847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     19768026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       359419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     19777740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       330277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     39166920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       349705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     10432855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               398245591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       291421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       349705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       378847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       310849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       301135                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       330277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       359419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       349705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       330277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       330277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       349705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       349705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       378847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       359419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       330277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       349705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5449564                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         117355050                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              117355050                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         117355050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       291421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     19340610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       349705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     33785354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       378847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     19641744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       310849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39293202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       301135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     19379466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       330277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     19515462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       359419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     19515462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       349705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     10413427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       330277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     33940779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       330277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39234918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       349705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     10413427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       349705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39176634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       378847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     19768026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       359419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     19777740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       330277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     39166920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       349705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     10432855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              515600642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2182891                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1952899                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175134                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1459380                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434549                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128456                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5297                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23123078                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12408484                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2182891                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1563005                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2767717                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        576149                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       918012                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1400208                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171618                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     27208886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       24441169     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         426464      1.57%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210380      0.77%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         420721      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130957      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         390197      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          60271      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          96329      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1032398      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     27208886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.069081                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.392684                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       22921269                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1125435                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2762038                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2295                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       397845                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       202853                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2204                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     13854802                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         5071                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       397845                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       22944956                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        714041                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       337445                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2738248                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        76347                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     13833700                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        10744                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        57278                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     18105420                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     62655253                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     62655253                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     14646430                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3458972                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1828                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          929                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          179814                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518213                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       398634                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3373                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        90720                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         13761419                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1834                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12873587                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8651                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2508873                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5154345                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27208886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21565840     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1753271      6.44%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1916201      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1100443      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561136      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140353      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164482      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3896      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3264      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27208886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21165     57.14%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8704     23.50%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7171     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10081176     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99410      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297045     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395055      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12873587                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.407403                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37040                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53001750                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16272169                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12545008                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12910627                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10376                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515255                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10327                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       397845                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        631055                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9008                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13763269                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1772                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518213                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398634                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          927                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4516                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          233                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117395                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67916                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       185311                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12711453                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264958                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            2659973                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1934291                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           395015                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.402272                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12548008                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12545008                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7598757                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        16454196                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.397005                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.461813                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2527337                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       173862                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26811041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22637404     84.43%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632453      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055930      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330932      1.23%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555614      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105580      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67517      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61008      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364603      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26811041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11236447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              2391262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2002955                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1725938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         9812683                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       138175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       364603                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           40210183                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          27925752                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                518966                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               4390237                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11236447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.159912                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.159912                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.316465                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.316465                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59119184                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      16324045                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      14749540                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2216984                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1812894                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       218924                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       935666                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         874362                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227587                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9744                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21535406                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12571140                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2216984                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1101949                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2634090                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        633645                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      1104695                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1325758                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       220166                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     25684090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       23050000     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         142274      0.55%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         225728      0.88%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         358041      1.39%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         149300      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         168102      0.65%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         176184      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         116546      0.45%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1297915      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     25684090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070160                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.397832                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       21333162                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1308913                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2625749                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         6664                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       409600                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       363397                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     15349836                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1659                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       409600                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       21364944                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        275094                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       940212                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2601041                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        93197                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     15338695                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         3377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        26322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        34820                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4952                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     21291094                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     71345494                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     71345494                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     18173273                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3117821                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3958                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          282691                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1464797                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       787346                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23449                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       178536                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         15316582                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3970                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        14502693                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18679                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1929242                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4292251                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          427                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25684090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19563952     76.17%     76.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2458776      9.57%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1344580      5.24%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       914931      3.56%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       854344      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       246391      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       191602      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        65091      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44423      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25684090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3362     12.71%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10080     38.11%     50.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13011     49.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12148455     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       228789      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1756      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1341735      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       781958      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     14502693                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.458959                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26453                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54734608                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17249989                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14267863                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     14529146                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        44545                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265294                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           48                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          199                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24949                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          925                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       409600                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        173003                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13100                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15320584                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1210                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1464797                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       787346                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9560                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          199                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       127402                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       125144                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       252546                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14295466                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1262887                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       207227                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  32                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2044450                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2012529                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           781563                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.452401                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             14268084                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            14267863                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8343553                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        21787205                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.451527                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382957                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10674608                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     13084480                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2236181                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3543                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       223352                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25274490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19960751     78.98%     78.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2574549     10.19%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1002037      3.96%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       539369      2.13%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       403946      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       225454      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       139199      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123978      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305207      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25274490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10674608                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     13084480                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1961900                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1199503                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1768                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1878146                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11790158                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       265797                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       305207                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           40289866                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          31050956                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                350476                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               5915033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10674608                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            13084480                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10674608                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.960214                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.960214                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.337813                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.337813                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       64466952                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      19778576                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      14319693                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3538                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2332370                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1912266                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230884                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       959171                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         908611                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239069                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10297                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22301600                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             13263941                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2332370                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1147680                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2915173                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        655338                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      2092158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1375926                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       229740                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     27729185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       24814012     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         315939      1.14%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         364278      1.31%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         200439      0.72%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         230220      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         127574      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          88093      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         225437      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1363193      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     27729185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073811                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.419757                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       22118205                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2279263                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2890676                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        23135                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       417902                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       378797                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2353                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     16187798                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        12005                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       417902                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       22153873                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        633717                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1546617                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2878746                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        98326                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     16177466                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        23454                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        46560                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     22488109                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     75318450                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     75318450                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     19184824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3303262                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         4147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2274                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          268913                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1544094                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       840296                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22010                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       186165                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         16147443                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4150                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        15258907                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21228                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2018931                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4675719                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          381                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27729185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550283                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21300728     76.82%     76.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2584321      9.32%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1389922      5.01%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       963584      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       839567      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       428758      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104581      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67346      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50378      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27729185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3848     11.83%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13885     42.69%     54.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14795     45.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12773030     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238467      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1868      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1411243      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       834299      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     15258907                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.482890                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32528                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002132                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58300752                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18170690                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15002608                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     15291435                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38011                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273222                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          169                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18349                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          934                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          633                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       417902                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        586078                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15439                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16151619                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7469                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1544094                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840296                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2268                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11065                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          169                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133569                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       129555                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       263124                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15031170                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1324702                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       227734                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2158756                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2103906                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           834054                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.475683                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             15002904                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            15002608                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8915335                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        23347981                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.474779                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11265029                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     13821097                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2330721                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3769                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       232000                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27311283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21664583     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2617932      9.59%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1098442      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       658826      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456568      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       295633      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       153056      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       122914      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243329      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27311283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11265029                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     13821097                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2092810                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1270865                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1881                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1978361                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        12459966                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       281192                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       243329                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           43219694                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          32721580                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                343338                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               3869938                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11265029                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            13821097                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11265029                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.805064                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.805064                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.356498                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.356498                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       67800123                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      20827520                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      15108893                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3764                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               31598855                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2136867                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1928074                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       114073                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       820690                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761394                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117644                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5086                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22648990                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             13425654                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2136867                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       879038                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2654124                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        359694                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      3109102                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1301281                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       114331                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     28655008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.850867                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       26000884     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          93955      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         193276      0.67%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          82410      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         440777      1.54%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         393092      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          75671      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         159176      0.56%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1215767      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     28655008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.067625                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.424878                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       22414420                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      3345394                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2644160                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         8478                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       242551                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       187493                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          243                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     15740954                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1437                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       242551                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       22445015                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       3097186                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       145181                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2625465                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        99605                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     15731133                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           44                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        50077                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        33454                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          838                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     18476290                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     74080012                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     74080012                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     16341050                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2135104                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1837                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          932                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          233978                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3709403                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1874120                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17004                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        90948                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         15698263                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1843                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        15074786                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8926                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1238939                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2985863                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28655008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23240575     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1653144      5.77%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1339537      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       576277      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       722355      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       683844      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       389027      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31057      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19192      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28655008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37846     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       289273     86.20%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8479      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9459904     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131464      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3613341     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1869176     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     15074786                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.477067                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335598                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022262                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59149104                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16939465                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14944041                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     15410384                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26572                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       148367                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          422                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12384                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1329                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       242551                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       3022103                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        29461                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15700124                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3709403                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1874120                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          935                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18195                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          422                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        65335                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67942                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       133277                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14968036                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3601399                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       106750                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            5470340                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1961099                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1868941                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473689                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             14944561                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            14944041                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8074803                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        15943571                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.472930                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506461                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12131030                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     14255168                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1446597                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1819                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       116356                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28412457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23221647     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1910844      6.73%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       889950      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       875353      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       241760      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1001172      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76400      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55583      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       139748      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28412457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     12131030                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     14255168                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              5422755                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             3561027                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1882670                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        12675838                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       137965                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       139748                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           43974435                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          31646213                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                487868                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2943847                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          12131030                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            14255168                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     12131030                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.604796                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.604796                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.383907                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.383907                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       73992080                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      17360154                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      18734865                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2187399                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1957141                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175394                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1461778                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1436843                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128329                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5204                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23163647                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12430917                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2187399                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1565172                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2772207                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        577765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       888720                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1402449                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171826                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     27226010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.745440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       24453803     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         426554      1.57%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         211127      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         421161      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         131159      0.48%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         390417      1.43%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          60515      0.22%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          96854      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1034420      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     27226010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.069223                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.393394                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       22962416                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1095550                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2766608                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2241                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       399191                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       203351                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13880767                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         5133                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       399191                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       22986083                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        685164                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       336427                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2742916                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        76225                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13859971                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        10483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        57527                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     18140692                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     62772592                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     62772592                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     14666157                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3474519                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1830                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          929                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          178976                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      2522634                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       399002                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3319                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        90106                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13787498                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1835                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12894749                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8790                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2519733                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5177392                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27226010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21573804     79.24%     79.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1757080      6.45%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1918012      7.04%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1102298      4.05%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561982      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140547      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       165182      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3844      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3261      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27226010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21263     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8739     23.51%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7175     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10098619     78.32%     78.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99440      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2300243     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395545      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12894749                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.408073                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37177                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002883                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53061475                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16309107                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12565292                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12931926                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10114                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       516744                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10184                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       399191                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        602130                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9039                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13789354                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1776                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2522634                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       399002                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4561                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          245                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117648                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68332                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       185980                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12731577                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2267856                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       163172                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2663370                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1937148                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           395514                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.402909                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12567979                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12565292                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7610478                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        16480845                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.397647                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.461777                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10013770                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11251862                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2538050                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       174115                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26826819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22647086     84.42%     84.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1635472      6.10%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1057002      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331544      1.24%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       556136      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105628      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67728      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61082      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       365141      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26826819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10013770                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11251862                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2394705                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             2005887                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1728354                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         9826111                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       138371                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       365141                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           40251551                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          27979357                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                519407                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               4373113                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10013770                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11251862                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10013770                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.155567                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.155567                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.316900                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.316900                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       59211766                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      16351067                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      14775324                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2332243                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1912467                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       231144                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       952226                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         907902                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         238776                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10253                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22300776                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             13264188                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2332243                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1146678                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2916756                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        656817                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      2122542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1376510                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230077                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     27761603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921289                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       24844847     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         316263      1.14%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         365332      1.32%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         200711      0.72%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         230335      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         126724      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          87353      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         225801      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1364237      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     27761603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.073807                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.419764                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       22118485                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      2308588                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2892592                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        22744                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       419190                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       378470                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2340                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     16193696                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        12031                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       419190                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       22153570                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        521660                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1689608                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2880945                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        96626                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     16183655                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           36                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        22711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        45952                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     22495515                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     75350640                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     75350640                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     19177431                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3318084                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         4186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2316                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          264807                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1547099                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       840255                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22099                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       186153                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         16153278                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4196                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        15259572                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21195                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2032746                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4706728                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          429                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27761603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21334194     76.85%     76.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2582640      9.30%     86.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1389859      5.01%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       963632      3.47%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       840010      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       429325      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104234      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67423      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50286      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27761603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3797     11.41%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14636     43.98%     55.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14847     44.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12774231     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238513      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1868      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1410658      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       834302      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     15259572                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.482911                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             33280                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002181                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58335222                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18190386                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15002181                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     15292852                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38109                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       276761                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           87                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          170                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18661                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          934                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          559                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       419190                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        468482                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14940                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16157502                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7191                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1547099                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840255                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2315                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10669                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          170                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133358                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130220                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       263578                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15031140                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1324209                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       228432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2158272                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2103665                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           834063                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.475682                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             15002474                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            15002181                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8916676                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        23360516                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.474766                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381699                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11260555                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     13815650                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2342022                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3767                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       232284                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27342413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21697878     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2617430      9.57%     88.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1098129      4.02%     92.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       657686      2.41%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456695      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       294901      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       153571      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       122791      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243332      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27342413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     11260555                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     13815650                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2091932                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1270338                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1880                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1977594                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        12455035                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       281076                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       243332                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           43256675                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          32734551                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                343813                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               3837520                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          11260555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            13815650                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     11260555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.806178                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.806178                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.356357                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.356357                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       67794746                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      20827603                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      15108319                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3762                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2328333                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1909166                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230933                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       957193                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         906596                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         238223                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10245                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22263956                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             13236007                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2328333                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1144819                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2909403                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        655446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      2069393                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1373759                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       229683                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     27663141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       24753738     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         315791      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         363972      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         199755      0.72%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         229143      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         127346      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          87869      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         224818      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1360709      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     27663141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.073683                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.418873                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       22081594                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      2255449                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2884636                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        23407                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       418051                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       377948                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         2339                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     16154086                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        11960                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       418051                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       22117514                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        659533                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1496916                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2872827                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        98296                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     16143662                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        23168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        46501                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     22441449                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     75159139                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     75159139                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     19143585                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3297803                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         4141                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2271                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          269001                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1541164                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       838032                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21966                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       185216                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         16114114                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        15226137                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21194                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2014411                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4670350                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          388                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27663141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21248008     76.81%     76.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2579234      9.32%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1387892      5.02%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       960757      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       837360      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       427504      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       105156      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        66888      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50342      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27663141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3904     12.01%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13831     42.56%     54.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14765     45.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12746587     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       237881      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1864      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1407765      9.25%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       832040      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     15226137                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.481853                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32500                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002134                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58169109                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18132842                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14970705                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     15258637                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37636                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273058                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           89                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          172                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17895                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          932                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          559                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       418051                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        607272                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15491                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16118291                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7124                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1541164                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       838032                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2271                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11122                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          172                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133502                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       129488                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       262990                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14999208                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1321669                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       226929                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2153453                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2099651                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           831784                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.474672                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14970998                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14970705                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8895621                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        23297179                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.473770                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381833                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11240671                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13791256                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2327166                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3759                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       232056                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27245090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21610082     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2612852      9.59%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1096073      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       657155      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455716      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       295067      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       152952      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       122662      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       242531      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27245090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11240671                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13791256                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2088220                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1268092                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1876                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1974098                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        12433060                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       280586                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       242531                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           43120903                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          32654974                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                342914                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               3935982                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11240671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13791256                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11240671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.811142                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.811142                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.355727                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.355727                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       67655483                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      20783353                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15076313                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3754                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2736947                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2279035                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250144                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1047584                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1000291                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         293662                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11676                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23805752                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             15014360                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2736947                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1293953                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             3129039                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        695692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      2200775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5659                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          124                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1479243                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239010                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     29584605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       26455566     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         191841      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         243601      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         385835      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         159883      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         206415      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         241365      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         109928      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1590171      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     29584605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086615                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.475151                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       23671130                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2354917                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         3113958                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1601                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       442994                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       416124                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     18345870                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       442994                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       23695841                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         77145                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      2209991                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         3090822                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        67802                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     18232147                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         9723                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        47059                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     25471487                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     84781100                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     84781100                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     21304601                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        4166853                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         4437                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2323                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          241290                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1704967                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       892293                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10332                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       200880                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         17799363                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4453                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        17072705                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17293                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2163055                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4405857                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          191                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29584605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22350105     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3300466     11.16%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1347972      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756978      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1024378      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       314118      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       310182      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       167081      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13325      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29584605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118272     79.32%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15561     10.44%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15268     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14383690     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233290      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2113      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1564402      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       889210      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     17072705                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.540290                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149101                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008733                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     63896405                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19966980                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16629065                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     17221806                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12737                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       320078                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12205                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       442994                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         58750                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7512                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17803819                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13622                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1704967                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       892293                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2324                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6619                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147281                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       140610                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       287891                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16775874                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1539343                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       296827                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2428443                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2372278                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           889100                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.530897                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             16629180                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            16629065                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         9964440                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        26759211                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.526251                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372374                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12394289                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     15272900                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2531000                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       252099                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29141611                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342743                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22677867     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3276030     11.24%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1187845      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       593344      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       542213      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       228218      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225177      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107192      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303725      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29141611                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     12394289                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     15272900                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2264974                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1384886                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              2126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          2213792                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        13750581                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       315380                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       303725                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           46641695                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          36050830                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                362416                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2014518                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          12394289                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            15272900                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     12394289                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.549491                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.549491                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.392235                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.392235                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       75487760                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      23240351                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      16972307                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         4258                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2222691                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1817717                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       219432                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       939245                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         877515                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227960                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9788                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21592138                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12602843                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2222691                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1105475                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2641263                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        634983                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1069032                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1329214                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       220681                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     25713150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       23071887     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         142606      0.55%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         226307      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         358943      1.40%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         150102      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         168852      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         177256      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         116826      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1300371      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     25713150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070340                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.398835                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       21389201                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1273931                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2632821                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         6774                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       410421                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       364133                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     15388982                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1627                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       410421                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       21420706                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        264834                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       910391                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2608518                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        98278                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     15377402                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         6079                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        26431                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        34674                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        10443                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     21341957                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     71525110                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     71525110                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     18220421                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3121527                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         4033                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2269                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          280849                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1468655                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       789226                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23448                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       178955                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         15355701                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4044                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        14538561                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18833                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1935683                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4306730                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          488                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25713150                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19577187     76.14%     76.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2465565      9.59%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1347678      5.24%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       917490      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       856520      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       247542      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       191306      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        65352      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44510      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25713150                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3375     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10288     38.49%     51.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13068     48.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12179201     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       229272      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1761      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1344400      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       783927      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     14538561                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.460094                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26731                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54835835                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17295621                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14304392                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     14565292                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        43996                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266033                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          197                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24842                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          931                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       410421                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        175094                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13189                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15359773                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          663                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1468655                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       789226                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2268                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9635                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          197                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       128188                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       125140                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       253328                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14331923                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1265634                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       206637                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2049166                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2017609                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           783532                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.453554                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             14304607                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            14304392                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8364909                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        21844998                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.452683                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382921                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10702430                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     13118440                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2241428                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3556                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       223879                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25302729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19975075     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2581130     10.20%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1004607      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       541170      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404860      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       226117      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       139448      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       124703      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305619      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25302729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10702430                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     13118440                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1967003                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1202622                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1882999                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11820767                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       266478                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       305619                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           40356900                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          31130205                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                351873                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               5885973                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10702430                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            13118440                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10702430                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.952519                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.952519                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.338694                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.338694                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       64630502                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      19827369                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      14355527                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3552                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2126799                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1918881                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       113092                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       802313                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         758134                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117115                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5050                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22536280                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             13359317                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2126799                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       875249                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2641731                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        356459                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      3188630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1294429                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       113371                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     28607173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       25965442     90.77%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          93508      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         193280      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          82140      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         438505      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         391523      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          74856      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         158107      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1209812      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     28607173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067306                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.422775                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       22300406                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      3426250                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2631736                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         8487                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       240289                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       186626                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          244                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     15662433                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1469                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       240289                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       22331210                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       3173861                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       149791                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2613005                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        99012                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     15652215                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           44                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        49181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        33298                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1501                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     18380641                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     73707825                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     73707825                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     16268630                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2112004                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1874                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          975                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          232897                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3692320                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1865756                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17083                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        90646                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         15619341                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1881                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        15003817                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8830                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1225475                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2946212                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           69                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28607173                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23221040     81.17%     81.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1642138      5.74%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1333150      4.66%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       573352      2.00%     93.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       718734      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       681050      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       387895      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30745      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19069      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28607173                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37800     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       288315     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8441      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9413394     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131027      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          897      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3597647     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1860852     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     15003817                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.474818                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334556                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022298                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58958190                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16847120                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14874791                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     15338373                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27193                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       147064                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          426                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12280                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1320                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       240289                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       3099285                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        30089                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15621234                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          187                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3692320                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1865756                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          976                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18576                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          426                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        64808                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67422                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       132230                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14898691                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3586075                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       105123                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            5446680                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1952732                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1860605                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.471491                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             14875302                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            14874791                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8037452                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        15863148                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.470734                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506674                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12077331                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     14192012                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1431003                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1812                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       115374                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28366884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23200806     81.79%     81.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1900985      6.70%     88.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       884534      3.12%     91.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       871592      3.07%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       241392      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       997228      3.52%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        75968      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55365      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       139014      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28366884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     12077331                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     14192012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              5398729                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             3545253                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               904                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1874355                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        12619646                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       137352                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       139014                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           43850846                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          31486353                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                485450                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2991950                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          12077331                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            14192012                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     12077331                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.616400                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.616400                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.382205                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.382205                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       73652474                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      17277160                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      18645593                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1810                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2738467                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2280251                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250365                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1048146                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1000414                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         293803                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11688                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23813914                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             15020590                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2738467                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1294217                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             3130175                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        696564                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      2192950                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1479939                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239258                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     29587829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       26457654     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         191946      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         243686      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         385656      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         159895      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         206654      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         241453      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         109882      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1591003      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     29587829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086663                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.475348                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       23680391                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      2347096                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         3115101                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1595                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       443641                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       416406                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     18353760                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       443641                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       23705046                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         77158                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      2202243                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         3092026                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        67705                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     18240127                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        47001                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     25482223                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     84815825                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     84815825                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     21308640                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        4173583                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         4432                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2318                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          240706                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1705915                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       892571                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10450                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       201027                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         17807087                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4448                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        17079315                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17330                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2166043                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4412594                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29587829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22350982     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3301106     11.16%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1348659      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       757133      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1024659      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       314681      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       310138      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       167145      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13326      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29587829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118267     79.30%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15607     10.46%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15268     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14389357     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233355      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2113      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1564955      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       889535      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     17079315                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.540500                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149142                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     63912931                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19977687                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16634855                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     17228457                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12843                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       320748                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12325                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       443641                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         58765                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7497                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17811538                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1705915                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       892571                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2319                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6603                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147400                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       140905                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       288305                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16781848                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1539783                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       297467                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2429207                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2373298                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           889424                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.531086                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             16634960                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            16634855                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         9967026                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        26765267                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.526434                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372387                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12396642                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     15275845                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2535790                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       252321                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29144188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22679239     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3276407     11.24%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1188405      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       593406      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       542272      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       228174      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225319      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107190      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303776      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29144188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     12396642                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     15275845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2265413                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1385167                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              2126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          2214230                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        13753249                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       315452                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       303776                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           46651956                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          36066926                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                362696                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2011294                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          12396642                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            15275845                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     12396642                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.549007                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.549007                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.392310                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.392310                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       75513330                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      23248218                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      16979055                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         4258                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2130826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1922219                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       113516                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       813670                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         759517                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117412                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5044                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22564071                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             13384688                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2130826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       876929                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2647048                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        358700                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      3106072                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1296637                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       113803                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     28559544                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.851082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       25912496     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          94254      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         193319      0.68%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          82390      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         439304      1.54%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         391822      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          75344      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         158098      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1212517      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     28559544                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067433                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.423578                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       22338191                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      3333667                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2637095                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         8479                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       242107                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       187329                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          248                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     15693345                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1489                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       242107                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       22367931                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       3083161                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       149615                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2619020                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        97705                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     15683383                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           52                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        49930                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        32207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          781                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     18420877                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     73852761                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     73852761                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     16290183                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2130682                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1831                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          933                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          228302                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3696301                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1867291                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17246                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        91522                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         15650204                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1837                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        15026228                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8990                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1240776                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2987632                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28559544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.317023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23165975     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1645088      5.76%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1332408      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       575894      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       719667      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       682481      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       387748      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31183      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19100      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28559544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37854     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       288632     86.17%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8484      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9431016     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131322      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          898      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3600482     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1862510     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     15026228                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.475527                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334970                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022292                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58955960                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16893238                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14896697                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     15361198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27132                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       148603                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          423                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12462                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1321                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       242107                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       3009143                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        28617                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15652060                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          167                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3696301                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1867291                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          933                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        17745                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          423                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        64925                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67656                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       132581                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14920875                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3588615                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       105353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            5450901                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1955241                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1862286                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.472193                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14897234                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14896697                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8049166                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        15894392                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.471428                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506415                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12090990                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     14208578                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1445199                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1811                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       115795                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28317437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23145264     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1903465      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       885870      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       872640      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       240973      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       998220      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76067      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55445      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       139493      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28317437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     12090990                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     14208578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              5402520                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3547691                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               904                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1876729                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        12634463                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       137636                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       139493                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           43831682                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          31549709                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                486424                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               3039579                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          12090990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            14208578                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     12090990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.613444                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.613444                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.382637                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.382637                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       73754043                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      17305355                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      18674628                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1808                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               31599122                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2329008                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1909889                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230549                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       958885                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         907396                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         238413                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10244                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22256219                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             13234932                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2329008                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1145809                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2909749                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        654015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      2103135                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1372760                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       229097                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     27688633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       24778884     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         315680      1.14%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         364390      1.32%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         199938      0.72%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         229536      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         127030      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          87661      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         224916      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1360598      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     27688633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.073705                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.418839                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       22074907                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      2288206                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2885179                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        23148                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       417189                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       377880                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2342                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     16153700                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        11853                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       417189                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       22110534                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        679224                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1510497                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2873625                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        97560                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     16142969                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        23716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        45842                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     22441342                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     75156477                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     75156477                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     19147493                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3293849                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         4144                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2272                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          266181                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1541900                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       838124                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22081                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       186124                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         16114466                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4152                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        15227134                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21573                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2013117                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4668714                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          389                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27688633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21272795     76.83%     76.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2579505      9.32%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1387213      5.01%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       961915      3.47%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       837815      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       427540      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104622      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67058      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50170      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27688633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3921     12.05%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13840     42.53%     54.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14782     45.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12746649     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       237812      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1865      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1408600      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       832208      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     15227134                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.481885                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32543                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002137                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58197017                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18131905                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14971569                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     15259677                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37878                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273560                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          174                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17815                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          932                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          370                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       417189                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        626852                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15697                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16118644                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6417                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1541900                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       838124                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2273                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11207                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          174                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133482                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       129283                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       262765                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15000306                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1322220                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       226828                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2154181                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2099915                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           831961                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.474706                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             14971858                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            14971569                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8896844                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        23299865                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.473797                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381841                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11243011                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     13794016                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2324825                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3763                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       231668                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27271444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21635138     79.33%     79.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2613567      9.58%     88.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1096411      4.02%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       657072      2.41%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456094      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       294849      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       152978      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       122758      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       242577      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27271444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     11243011                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     13794016                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2088649                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1268340                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1878                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1974459                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        12435550                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       280626                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       242577                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           43147630                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          32654889                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                342494                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               3910489                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          11243011                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            13794016                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     11243011                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.810557                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.810557                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.355801                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.355801                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       67660471                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      20785299                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      15075680                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3758                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               31597004                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2330860                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1910922                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       231329                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       951586                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         906878                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         238975                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10243                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22308327                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             13260224                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2330860                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1145853                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2915735                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        656855                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      2105680                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1376806                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230149                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     27751306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       24835571     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         315900      1.14%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         365187      1.32%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         200628      0.72%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         229482      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         126743      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          87450      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         226274      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1364071      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     27751306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073768                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.419667                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       22125766                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2291946                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2891430                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        22930                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       419230                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       378630                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2334                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     16192680                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        11882                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       419230                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       22160955                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        488782                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1705505                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2880066                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        96764                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     16182912                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        22844                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        45839                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     22497891                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     75350957                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     75350957                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     19184485                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3313312                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         4185                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2316                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          265280                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1545794                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       840152                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22164                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       186889                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         16154471                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4196                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        15264206                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20691                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2027037                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4688921                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          429                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27751306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21322965     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2582633      9.31%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1389413      5.01%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       963844      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       841013      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       429275      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104562      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67392      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50209      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27751306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3672     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14509     43.97%     55.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14816     44.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12779725     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238573      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1868      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1409693      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       834347      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     15264206                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.483090                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32997                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002162                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58333406                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18185874                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15007062                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     15297203                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38146                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       274962                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           81                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          175                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18248                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          934                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          377                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       419230                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        439859                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14804                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16158694                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5153                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1545794                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840152                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2315                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10447                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          175                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133195                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130135                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       263330                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15035244                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1323184                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       228962                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2157285                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2103874                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           834101                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.475844                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             15007310                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            15007062                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8920499                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        23373293                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.474952                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381653                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11264741                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     13820789                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2337913                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3767                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       232472                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27332076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21686371     79.34%     79.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2618318      9.58%     88.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1097840      4.02%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       656831      2.40%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       457452      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       294910      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       153877      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123138      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243339      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27332076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11264741                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     13820789                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2092718                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1270817                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1880                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1978320                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        12459692                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       281188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       243339                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           43247361                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          32736730                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                344000                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3845698                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11264741                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            13820789                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11264741                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.804947                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.804947                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.356513                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.356513                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       67813576                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      20835381                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      15104002                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3762                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2130946                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1922295                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       113629                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       817072                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         759587                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117371                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5046                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22580204                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             13387610                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2130946                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       876958                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2647332                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        358443                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3128418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1297330                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       113961                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     28597947                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.850140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       25950615     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          94529      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         192918      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          81822      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         439808      1.54%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         391956      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          75600      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         157838      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1212861      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     28597947                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.067437                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.423670                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       22338254                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      3372119                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2637336                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         8480                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       241753                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       187369                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          242                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     15696117                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1461                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       241753                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       22368603                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       3115938                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       152095                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2618978                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       100575                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     15686275                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           51                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        52784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        32862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          569                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     18422031                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     73868740                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     73868740                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     16297583                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2124442                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1833                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          935                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          233397                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      3698436                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      1869022                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17117                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        91544                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         15653243                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1839                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        15033124                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8928                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1234311                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2970770                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           28                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28597947                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23195841     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1650218      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1337684      4.68%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       575474      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       719071      2.51%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       682292      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       387216      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31132      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19019      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28597947                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37801     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       288470     86.18%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8463      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9433450     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131286      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          898      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3603365     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1864125     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     15033124                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.475745                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334734                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022266                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59007857                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16889802                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14902926                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     15367858                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26983                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       147525                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           67                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          411                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12583                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1324                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       241753                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       3037085                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        29962                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15655100                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          223                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3698436                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1869022                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          935                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18289                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          411                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        65266                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67885                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       133151                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14926969                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3591509                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       106155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            5455400                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1956303                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          1863891                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.472386                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             14903428                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            14902926                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8051441                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        15897158                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.471625                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.506470                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12098065                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     14216619                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1440259                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1811                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       115913                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28356194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23179803     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1905368      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       887868      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       872849      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       241275      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       997600      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76120      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55340      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       139971      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28356194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     12098065                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     14216619                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              5407342                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             3550908                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               904                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1877695                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        12641538                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       137636                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       139971                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           43873062                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          31555549                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                486285                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               3001176                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          12098065                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            14216619                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     12098065                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.611915                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.611915                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.382861                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.382861                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       73787711                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      17310741                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      18682147                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1808                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2737654                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2279600                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250203                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1047862                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1000556                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         293746                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11682                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23812437                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             15018366                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2737654                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1294302                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             3129876                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        695852                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      2195552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5257                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1479651                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239073                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     29586561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       26456685     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         191910      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         243663      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         385939      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         159923      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         206471      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         241423      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         109963      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1590584      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     29586561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086637                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.475278                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       23677312                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2349755                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         3114795                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1601                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       443093                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       416245                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     18350710                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       443093                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       23702024                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         77109                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      2204859                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         3091656                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        67810                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     18236977                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         9715                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        47071                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     25478279                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     84803430                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     84803430                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     21310517                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        4167762                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         4440                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2325                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          241343                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1705410                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       892532                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10337                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       200926                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         17804138                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4457                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        17077394                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2163536                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4406593                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          191                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29586561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22350142     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3301376     11.16%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1348278      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       757192      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1024571      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       314230      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       310287      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       167150      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13335      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29586561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118318     79.32%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15574     10.44%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15276     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14387642     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233344      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2114      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1564838      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       889456      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     17077394                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.540439                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149168                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008735                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     63907777                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19972240                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16633639                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     17226562                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12738                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       320152                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12202                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       443093                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         58706                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7504                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17808598                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13622                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1705410                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       892532                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2326                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6613                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147317                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       140640                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       287957                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16780501                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1539774                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       296893                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2429122                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2372918                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           889348                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.531043                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             16633755                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            16633639                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         9967155                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        26766267                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.526396                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372377                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12397773                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     15277127                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2531568                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4266                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       252160                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29143468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22677950     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3276939     11.24%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1188141      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       593507      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       542369      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       228292      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225249      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107213      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303808      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29143468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     12397773                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     15277127                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2265588                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1385258                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              2128                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          2214376                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        13754420                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       315469                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       303808                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           46648264                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          36060498                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                362532                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2012562                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          12397773                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            15277127                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     12397773                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.548774                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.548774                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.392345                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.392345                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       75508592                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      23246744                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      16976874                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         4262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         2021                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.859508                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         138556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         4069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        34.051610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.748955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.383506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   941.058198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1058.668849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.009465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.459501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.516928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  4030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            761                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 761                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   4039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4038                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  4039                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                2021                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51610750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1611365329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1662976079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51610750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1611365329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1662976079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51610750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1611365329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1662976079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              6051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          761                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             761                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               6060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              6060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.333994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1720358.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 809324.625314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 822848.134092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1720358.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 809324.625314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 822848.134092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1720358.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 809324.625314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 822848.134092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                269                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     269                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            2021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           2021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     48976750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1436520265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485497015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     48976750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1436520265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485497015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     48976750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1436520265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485497015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1632558.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 721506.913611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735030.685304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1632558.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 721506.913611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735030.685304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1632558.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 721506.913611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735030.685304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         3514                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.564299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         137452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         5560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        24.721583                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.685480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    21.855083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   943.452986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1070.570750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.010671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.460670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.522740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  4322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            891                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 891                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   4334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4333                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  4334                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                3508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 3514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3478                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                3514                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56733875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3208056212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3264790087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8606984                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8606984                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56733875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3216663196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     3273397071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56733875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3216663196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    3273397071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              7830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          891                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             891                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               7848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              7848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.445528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.448020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.445269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.447757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.445269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.447757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1575940.972222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 923979.323733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930669.922178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1434497.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1434497.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1575940.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 924860.033353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 931530.185259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1575940.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 924860.033353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 931530.185259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                543                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     543                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            3514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           3514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53572334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2903119952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2956692286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8080075                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8080075                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53572334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2911200027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2964772361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53572334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2911200027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2964772361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.445528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.445269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.445269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1488120.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 836152.059908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842842.726910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1346679.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1346679.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1488120.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 837032.785221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843703.005407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1488120.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 837032.785221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843703.005407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         2062                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.559241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         194621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         4108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        47.376095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.662692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.953231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   876.243033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1099.700285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.011696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.427853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.536963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  4063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2185                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                2185                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   4081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4080                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  4081                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                2061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 2061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2022                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                2061                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83671251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1720520071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1804191322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83671251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1720520071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1804191322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83671251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1720520071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1804191322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              6124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2185                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            2185                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               6142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              6142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.332347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.336545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.331367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.331367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2145416.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 850900.134026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 875396.080543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2145416.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 850900.134026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 875396.080543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2145416.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 850900.134026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 875396.080543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               1179                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    1179                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            2061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           2061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80246249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1542959072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1623205321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80246249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1542959072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1623205321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80246249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1542959072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1623205321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.332347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.331367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.331367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2057596.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 763085.594461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 787581.426977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2057596.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 763085.594461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 787581.426977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2057596.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 763085.594461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 787581.426977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         4077                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.933566                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         167488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         6125                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        27.344980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.015136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.709908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1299.589360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         730.619162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.634565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.356748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  4767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1542                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1542                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   4770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4769                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  4770                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                4072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 4078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4046                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                4078                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     50670045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3843192272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3893862317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6943283                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6943283                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     50670045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3850135555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     3900805600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     50670045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3850135555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    3900805600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              8839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1542                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1542                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               8848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              8848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1583438.906250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 951285.215842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 956253.024804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1157213.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1157213.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1583438.906250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 951590.596886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 956548.700343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1583438.906250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 951590.596886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 956548.700343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                706                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     706                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            4078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           4078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47859602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3488497299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3536356901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6416483                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6416483                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47859602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3494913782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3542773384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47859602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3494913782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3542773384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1495612.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 863489.430446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868456.999263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1069413.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1069413.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1495612.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 863794.805240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868752.668955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1495612.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 863794.805240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868752.668955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         2026                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.851565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         138556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         4074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        34.009818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.737167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    20.252312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   943.597420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1055.264666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.009889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.460741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.515266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  4031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   4040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4039                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  4040                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                2026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 2026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1995                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                2026                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60868926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1590697958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1651566884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60868926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1590697958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1651566884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60868926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1590697958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1651566884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              6057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               6066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              6066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.331120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.330626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.330626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1963513.741935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 797342.334837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815186.023692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1963513.741935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 797342.334837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815186.023692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1963513.741935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 797342.334837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815186.023692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                270                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     270                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            2026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           2026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58147126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1415520150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473667276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58147126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1415520150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473667276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58147126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1415520150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473667276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.331120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.330626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.330626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1875713.741935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 709533.909774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727377.727542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1875713.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 709533.909774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727377.727542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1875713.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 709533.909774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727377.727542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         2045                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.553422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         194582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         4090                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        47.575061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.687945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.583734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   879.253160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1099.028583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.010539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.429323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.536635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  4038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2175                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                2175                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   4056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4055                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  4056                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                2043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 2043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                2043                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47950742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1714042160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1761992902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47950742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1714042160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1761992902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47950742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1714042160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1761992902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              6081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2175                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            2175                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               6099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              6099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.332286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.331299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.331299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1410315.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 853181.762071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862453.696525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1410315.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 853181.762071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 862453.696525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1410315.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 853181.762071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 862453.696525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               1166                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    1166                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            2043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           2043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44964543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1537611829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1582576372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44964543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1537611829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1582576372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44964543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1537611829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1582576372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.332286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.331299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.331299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1322486.558824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 765361.786461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774633.564366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1322486.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 765361.786461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774633.564366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1322486.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 765361.786461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774633.564366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         2048                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.563095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         194594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         4093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        47.543122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.596214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.992192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   875.289453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1101.685237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.011227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.427387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.537932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  4047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2176                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                2176                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   4065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4064                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  4065                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 2046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                2046                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70535941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1748952759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1819488700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70535941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1748952759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1819488700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70535941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1748952759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1819488700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              6093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2176                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            2176                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               6111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              6111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.331792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.330808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.330808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1906376.783784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 870558.864609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889290.664712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1906376.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 870558.864609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 889290.664712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1906376.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 870558.864609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 889290.664712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               1168                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    1168                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            2046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           2046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67286342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1572500294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1639786636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67286342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1572500294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1639786636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67286342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1572500294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1639786636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.331792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.330808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.330808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1818549.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 782727.871578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801459.743891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1818549.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 782727.871578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801459.743891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1818549.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 782727.871578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801459.743891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1108                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.491791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         194235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        61.603235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.423141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    28.865732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   523.570885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1456.632033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.014095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.255650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.711246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1065                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                1065                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3375                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3377                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1108                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    122294478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    879428252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1001722730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    122294478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    879428252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1001722730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    122294478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    879428252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1001722730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              4464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1065                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            1065                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               4485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              4485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.242205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.241061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.241061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3397068.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 820362.175373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 904081.886282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3397068.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 820362.175373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 904081.886282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3397068.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 820362.175373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 904081.886282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                585                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     585                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    119132805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    785295361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    904428166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    119132805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    785295361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    904428166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    119132805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    785295361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    904428166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.242205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.241061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.241061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3309244.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 732551.642724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816270.907942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3309244.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 732551.642724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816270.907942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3309244.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 732551.642724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816270.907942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         3527                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.561482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         137472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         5574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        24.663079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.601220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    20.471317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   943.933256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1070.555688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.009996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.460905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.522732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  4333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            895                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 895                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   4345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4344                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  4345                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                3522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 3528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3494                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                3528                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62725600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3188492414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3251218014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6687011                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6687011                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62725600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3195179425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     3257905025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62725600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3195179425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    3257905025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              7855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          895                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             895                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               7873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              7873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.446036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.448377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.445777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.448114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.445777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.448114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1844870.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 914131.999427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 923116.982964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1114501.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1114501.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1844870.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 914476.080424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 923442.467404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1844870.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 914476.080424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 923442.467404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                543                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     543                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            3528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           3528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59737784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2882186972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2941924756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6159900                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6159900                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59737784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2888346872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2948084656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59737784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2888346872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2948084656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.446036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.445777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.445777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1756993.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 826315.072248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835299.476434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1026650                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1026650                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1756993.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 826659.093303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835624.902494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1756993.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 826659.093303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835624.902494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         4073                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.934588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         167466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         6121                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        27.359255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.020642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.136844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1297.995390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         731.781711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.006414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.633787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.357315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  4746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1541                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                1541                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   4749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4748                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  4749                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                4067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 4073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4039                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                4073                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     58147787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3935183761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3993331548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7473380                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7473380                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     58147787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3942657141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     4000804928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     58147787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3942657141                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    4000804928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              8813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1541                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            1541                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               8822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              8822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.459444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.461477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.459656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.461687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.459656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.461687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1710229.029412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 975746.035457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 981886.291615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1245563.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1245563.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1710229.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 976146.853429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 982274.718389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1710229.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 976146.853429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 982274.718389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                703                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     703                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            4073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           4073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     55162587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3580978900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3636141487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6946580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6946580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     55162587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3587925480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3643088067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     55162587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3587925480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3643088067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.459444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.459656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.459656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1622429.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 887919.390032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 894059.868945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1157763.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1157763.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1622429.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 888320.247586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 894448.334643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1622429.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 888320.247586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 894448.334643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1108                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.492264                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         194237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        61.603869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.423955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.870979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   524.173950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1456.023380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.014097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.255944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.710949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1066                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                1066                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3376                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3378                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1108                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    114032510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    876141036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     990173546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    114032510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    876141036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      990173546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    114032510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    876141036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     990173546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              4465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1066                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            1066                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               4486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              4486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.242150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.241007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.246991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.241007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.246991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3167569.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 817295.742537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893658.435018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3167569.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 817295.742537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 893658.435018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3167569.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 817295.742537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 893658.435018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                585                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     585                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    110871710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    782004597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    892876307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    110871710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    782004597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    892876307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    110871710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    782004597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    892876307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.242150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.241007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.241007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3079769.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 729481.900187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805845.042419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3079769.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 729481.900187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805845.042419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3079769.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 729481.900187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805845.042419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         4069                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.934415                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         167489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         6117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        27.380906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.022337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.195218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1295.036387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         733.680473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.632342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.358242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  4762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1548                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1548                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   4765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4764                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  4765                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                4063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 4069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4033                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                4069                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64016128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3897900715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3961916843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9248530                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9248530                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64016128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3907149245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     3971165373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64016128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3907149245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    3971165373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              8825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1548                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1548                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               8834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              8834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1778225.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 967941.573131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 975121.054147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1541421.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1541421.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1778225.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 968794.754525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 975956.100516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1778225.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 968794.754525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 975956.100516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                704                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     704                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            4069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           4069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60854869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3544241435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3605096304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8721730                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8721730                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60854869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3552963165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3613818034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60854869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3552963165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3613818034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1690413.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 880119.551776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 887299.114940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1453621.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1453621.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1690413.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 880972.765931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888134.193659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1690413.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 880972.765931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888134.193659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         2076                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.555974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         194611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         4121                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        47.224217                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.614335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.539221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   876.448043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1099.954376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.011494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.427953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.537087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  4059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2182                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                2182                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   4077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4076                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  4077                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                2074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 2074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2035                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                2074                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73328354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1762636457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1835964811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73328354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1762636457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1835964811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73328354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1762636457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1835964811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              6133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2182                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            2182                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               6151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              6151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1880214.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 866160.421130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 885228.934908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1880214.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 866160.421130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 885228.934908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1880214.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 866160.421130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 885228.934908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               1189                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    1189                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            2074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           2074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69903109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1583906336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1653809445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69903109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1583906336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1653809445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69903109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1583906336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1653809445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1792387.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 778332.351843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797400.889585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1792387.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 778332.351843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797400.889585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1792387.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 778332.351843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797400.889585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         2075                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.561136                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         194586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         4120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        47.229612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.457837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.417458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   883.170830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1093.515010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.011434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.431236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.533943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  4041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2176                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                2176                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   4058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4057                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  4058                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                2074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 2074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2037                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                2074                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75437898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1729239633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1804677531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75437898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1729239633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1804677531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75437898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1729239633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1804677531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              6115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2176                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            2176                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               6132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              6132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.335198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.339166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.334263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.338226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.334263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.338226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2038862.108108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 848914.891016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 870143.457570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2038862.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 848914.891016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 870143.457570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2038862.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 848914.891016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 870143.457570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               1180                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    1180                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            2074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           2074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72189298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1550442268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1622631566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72189298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1550442268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1622631566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72189298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1550442268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1622631566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.335198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.334263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.334263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1951062.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761140.043201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 782368.161041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1951062.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761140.043201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 782368.161041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1951062.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761140.043201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 782368.161041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         4066                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.933675                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         167485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         6114                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        27.393687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.003156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.623606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1298.814922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         730.491991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.006652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.634187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.356686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  4762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1544                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                1544                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   4765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4764                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  4765                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                4060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 4066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4032                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                4066                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65933585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3902599458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3968533043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8495978                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8495978                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65933585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3911095436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     3977029021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65933585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3911095436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    3977029021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              8822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1544                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            1544                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               8831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              8831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1939223.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 969349.095380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 977471.192857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1415996.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1415996.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1939223.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 970013.749008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 978118.303246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1939223.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 970013.749008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 978118.303246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                704                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     704                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            4066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           4066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62947972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3549054269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3612002241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7969178                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7969178                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62947972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3557023447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3619971419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62947972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3557023447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3619971419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1851410.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 881533.598857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889655.724384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1328196.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1328196.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1851410.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 882198.275546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 890302.857600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1851410.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 882198.275546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 890302.857600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         1110                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.490688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         194235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        61.564184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.422477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.879185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   524.745379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1455.443648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.014101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.256223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.710666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1065                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                1065                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3375                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3377                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                1110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 1110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1074                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                1110                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    106891185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    870113191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     977004376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    106891185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    870113191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      977004376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    106891185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    870113191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     977004376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              4466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1065                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            1065                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               4487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              4487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.242547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.241403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.241403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2969199.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810161.257914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 880184.122523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2969199.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810161.257914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 880184.122523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2969199.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810161.257914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 880184.122523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                587                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     587                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    103730117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    775805244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    879535361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    103730117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    775805244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    879535361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    103730117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    775805244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    879535361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.242547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.241403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.241403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2881392.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722351.251397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792374.199099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2881392.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722351.251397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792374.199099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2881392.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722351.251397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792374.199099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              551.747237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001432434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1794681.781362                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.576541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.170695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.040988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.843222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1400165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1400165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67069784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67069784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67069784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67069784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67069784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67069784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1559762.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1559762.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1559762.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1559762.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1559762.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1559762.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51928590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51928590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51928590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51928590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51928590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51928590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1675115.806452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1675115.806452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1675115.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1675115.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1675115.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1675115.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 6029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              221204811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 6285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35195.673986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   184.315086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    71.684914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.719981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.280019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2072544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2072544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       386434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2458978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        2458978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2458978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       2458978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        21151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        21151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9280520983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9280520983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3165094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3165094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9283686077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9283686077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9283686077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9283686077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2093658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 439543.477456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439543.477456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85543.081081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85543.081081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 438924.215262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438924.215262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 438924.215262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438924.215262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15122                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15122                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1891809539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1891809539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1892386439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1892386439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1892386439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1892386439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 314254.076246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314254.076246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 313880.650025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313880.650025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 313880.650025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313880.650025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              520.689026                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1080512183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2050307.747628                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.689026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.049181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1325706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1325706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1325706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1325706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1325706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1325706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85114030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85114030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85114030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85114030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85114030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85114030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1325758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1325758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1325758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1325758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1325758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1325758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1636808.269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1636808.269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1636808.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1636808.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1636808.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1636808.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57099876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57099876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57099876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57099876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57099876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57099876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1543239.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543239.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1543239.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543239.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1543239.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543239.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 7811                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              178799777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 8067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             22164.345730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   228.333784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    27.666216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.891929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.108071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       917492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        917492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       758704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       758704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2146                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2146                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1769                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1769                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1676196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1676196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1676196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1676196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          113                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          113                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        20710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        20710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9148929783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9148929783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     83905580                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83905580                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9232835363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9232835363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9232835363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9232835363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       938089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       938089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       758817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       758817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         2146                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2146                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1769                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1769                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1696906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1696906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1696906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1696906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 444187.492499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444187.492499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 742527.256637                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 742527.256637                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 445815.324143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445815.324143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 445815.324143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445815.324143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          891                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             891                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        12804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           95                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           95                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        12899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        12899                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12899                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3520758901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3520758901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9425984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9425984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3530184885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3530184885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3530184885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3530184885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 451784.794174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451784.794174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 523665.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 523665.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 451950.439764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451950.439764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 451950.439764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451950.439764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              513.038941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1076043697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2061386.392720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.390747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   481.648194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.050306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.771872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1375870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1375870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1375870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1375870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1375870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1375870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    119381973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    119381973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    119381973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    119381973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    119381973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    119381973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1375926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1375926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1375926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1375926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1375926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1375926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2131820.946429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2131820.946429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2131820.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2131820.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2131820.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2131820.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84082589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84082589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84082589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84082589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84082589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84082589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2102064.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102064.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2102064.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102064.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2102064.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102064.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 6102                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              170141976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 6358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             26760.298207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   227.496246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    28.503754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.888657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.111343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       967472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        967472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       817431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       817431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1882                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1882                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1784903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1784903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1784903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1784903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          478                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          478                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        21434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21434                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        21434                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8667734563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8667734563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    297558007                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    297558007                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8965292570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8965292570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8965292570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8965292570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       988428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       817909                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       817909                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1882                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1882                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1806337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1806337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1806337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1806337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 413615.888672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 413615.888672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 622506.290795                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 622506.290795                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 418274.357096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 418274.357096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 418274.357096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 418274.357096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      7348390                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets            11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 668035.454545                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            2185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15332                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15332                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2004465505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2004465505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1158972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2005624477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2005624477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2005624477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2005624477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 329465.073143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329465.073143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64387.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64387.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 328683.132907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328683.132907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 328683.132907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328683.132907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              569.922281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1108828548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1925049.562500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    27.952548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.969733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.044796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.868541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1301230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1301230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1301230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1301230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1301230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1301230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70959941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70959941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70959941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70959941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70959941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70959941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1301281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1301281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1301281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1301281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1301281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1301281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1391371.392157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1391371.392157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1391371.392157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1391371.392157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1391371.392157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1391371.392157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51007854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51007854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51007854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51007854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51007854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51007854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1545692.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1545692.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1545692.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1545692.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1545692.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1545692.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 8814                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              440465372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 9070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             48562.885557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.125341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.874659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.434083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.565917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3398294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3398294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1859852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1859852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      5258146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        5258146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      5258146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       5258146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        32215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        32215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15841285937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15841285937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     24351506                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24351506                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15865637443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15865637443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15865637443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15865637443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3430471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3430471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1859890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1859890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      5290361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5290361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      5290361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5290361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 492317.056811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492317.056811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 640829.105263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 640829.105263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 492492.237871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492492.237871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 492492.237871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492492.237871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1542                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1542                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23400                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23400                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4202371388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4202371388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7185383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7185383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4209556771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4209556771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4209556771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4209556771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 477216.828072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477216.828072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 798375.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798375.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 477544.727283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477544.727283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 477544.727283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477544.727283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              553.086997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1001434675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1791475.268336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    26.916292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.170705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.043135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.843222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1402406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1402406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1402406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1402406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1402406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1402406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71331171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71331171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71331171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71331171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71331171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71331171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1402449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1402449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1402449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1402449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1402449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1402449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1658864.441860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1658864.441860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1658864.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1658864.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1658864.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1658864.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61197113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61197113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61197113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61197113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61197113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61197113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1912409.781250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1912409.781250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1912409.781250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1912409.781250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1912409.781250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1912409.781250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 6034                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              221208619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 6290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             35168.301908                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   184.534274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    71.465726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.720837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.279163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2075843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2075843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       386944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2462787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        2462787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2462787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       2462787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        21117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21117                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        21117                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9142124091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9142124091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      3168395                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3168395                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9145292486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9145292486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9145292486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9145292486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2096923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2096923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       386981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2483904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2483904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2483904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2483904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 433687.101091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 433687.101091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 85632.297297                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85632.297297                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 433077.259364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433077.259364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 433077.259364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433077.259364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15083                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15083                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1871264376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1871264376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1871841276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1871841276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1871841276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1871841276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 310583.298921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310583.298921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 310215.657275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310215.657275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 310215.657275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310215.657275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              510.993437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1076044290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2081323.578337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    28.993437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.046464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1376463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1376463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1376463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1376463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1376463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1376463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63116628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63116628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63116628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63116628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63116628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63116628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1376510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1376510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1376510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1376510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1376510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1376510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1342906.978723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1342906.978723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1342906.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1342906.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1342906.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1342906.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48314549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48314549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48314549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48314549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48314549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48314549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1380415.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1380415.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1380415.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1380415.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1380415.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1380415.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 6064                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              170141321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 6320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             26921.095095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   227.504238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    28.495762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.888688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.111312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       967178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        967178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       817085                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       817085                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1784263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1784263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1784263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1784263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          474                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          474                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        21304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        21304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8570974150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8570974150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    277504897                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    277504897                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8848479047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8848479047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8848479047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8848479047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       988008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       817559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       817559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1805567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1805567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1805567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1805567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000580                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000580                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 411472.594815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 411472.594815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 585453.369198                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 585453.369198                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 415343.552713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 415343.552713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 415343.552713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 415343.552713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6492355                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 649235.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2175                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            2175                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15240                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15240                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1996208686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1996208686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1164005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1164005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1997372691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1997372691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1997372691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1997372691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 330170.143235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330170.143235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64666.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64666.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 329382.040073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329382.040073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 329382.040073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329382.040073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              512.183045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1076041534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2069310.642308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    30.364358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   481.818688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.048661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1373707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1373707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1373707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1373707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1373707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1373707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98061666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98061666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98061666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98061666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98061666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98061666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1373759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1373759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1373759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1373759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1373759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1373759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1885801.269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1885801.269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1885801.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1885801.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1885801.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1885801.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70917605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70917605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70917605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70917605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70917605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70917605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1866252.763158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1866252.763158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1866252.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1866252.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1866252.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1866252.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6073                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              170138235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             26882.325012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.450073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.549927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.888477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.111523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       965499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        965499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       815674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       815674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1877                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1877                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1781173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1781173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1781173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1781173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        21399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21399                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        21399                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8754469670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8754469670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    240500853                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    240500853                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8994970523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8994970523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8994970523                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8994970523                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       986471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       986471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       816101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       816101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1877                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1877                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1802572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1802572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1802572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1802572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 417436.089548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 417436.089548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 563233.847775                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 563233.847775                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 420345.367681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 420345.367681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 420345.367681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 420345.367681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6496774                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets            11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 590615.818182                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            2176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15326                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15326                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2031714482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2031714482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1164069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1164069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2032878551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2032878551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2032878551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2032878551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 335543.267052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335543.267052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64670.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64670.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 334740.416763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334740.416763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 334740.416763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334740.416763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              486.871219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1077603203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2185807.713996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    31.871219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.051076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1479189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1479189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1479189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1479189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1479189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1479189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    187488238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    187488238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    187488238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    187488238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    187488238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    187488238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1479239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1479239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1479239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1479239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1479239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1479239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3749764.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3749764.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3749764.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3749764.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3749764.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3749764.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4710735                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 672962.142857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    122735343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122735343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    122735343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    122735343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    122735343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    122735343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3229877.447368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3229877.447368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3229877.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3229877.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3229877.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3229877.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              160409848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             34107.983840                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   221.754322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    34.245678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.866228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.133772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1178447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1178447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       875668                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       875668                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2287                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2287                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2054115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        2054115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2054115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       2054115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        11536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        11536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2611517948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2611517948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9110786                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9110786                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2620628734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2620628734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2620628734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2620628734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1189868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1189868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       875783                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       875783                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2287                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2287                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2065651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2065651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2065651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2065651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 228659.307241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228659.307241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 79224.226087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79224.226087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 227169.619799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227169.619799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 227169.619799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227169.619799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        16059                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        16059                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1065                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1065                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         6995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           94                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           94                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7089                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7089                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1106528712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1106528712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1543252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1543252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1108071964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1108071964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1108071964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1108071964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 250006.487122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250006.487122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 73488.190476                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73488.190476                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 249172.917472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249172.917472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 249172.917472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249172.917472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              518.893791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1080515633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2058125.015238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.893791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.046304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1329156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1329156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1329156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1329156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1329156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1329156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    118675323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    118675323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    118675323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    118675323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    118675323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    118675323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1329214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1329214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1329214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1329214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1329214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1329214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2046126.258621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2046126.258621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2046126.258621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2046126.258621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2046126.258621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2046126.258621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63085954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63085954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63085954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63085954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63085954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63085954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1802455.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1802455.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1802455.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1802455.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1802455.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1802455.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 7838                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              178804214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 8094                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             22090.957994                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   228.429737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    27.570263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.892304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.107696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       919894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        919894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       760674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       760674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2204                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2204                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1776                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1776                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1680568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1680568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1680568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1680568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        20865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        20865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9083360434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9083360434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     65543499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     65543499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9148903933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9148903933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9148903933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9148903933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       940644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       940644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       760789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       760789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2204                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2204                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1776                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1776                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1701433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1701433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1701433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1701433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 437752.310072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437752.310072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 569943.469565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 569943.469565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 438480.897819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438480.897819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 438480.897819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438480.897819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          895                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             895                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           97                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           97                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3502204927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3502204927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7506011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7506011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3509710938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3509710938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3509710938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3509710938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 447852.292455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447852.292455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 417000.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 417000.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 447781.441439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447781.441439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 447781.441439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447781.441439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              569.547390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1108821688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1918376.622837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.596989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   540.950401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.045829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.866908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1294370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1294370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1294370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1294370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1294370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1294370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81492769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81492769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81492769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81492769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81492769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81492769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1294429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1294429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1294429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1294429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1294429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1294429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1381233.372881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1381233.372881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1381233.372881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1381233.372881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1381233.372881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1381233.372881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     58495593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58495593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     58495593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58495593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     58495593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58495593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1671302.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1671302.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1671302.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1671302.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1671302.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1671302.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 8787                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              440441873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 9043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             48705.282871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.142725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.857275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.434151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.565849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3383000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3383000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1851607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1851607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          955                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          955                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          905                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          905                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      5234607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        5234607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      5234607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       5234607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        32184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32184                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        32184                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16091534099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16091534099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     28174726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28174726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16119708825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16119708825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16119708825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16119708825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3415146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3415146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1851645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1851645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          955                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          955                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          905                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          905                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      5266791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5266791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      5266791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5266791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 500576.560039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 500576.560039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 741440.157895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 741440.157895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 500860.950317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 500860.950317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 500860.950317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 500860.950317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        23368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        23397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        23397                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23397                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4292879564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4292879564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7715480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7715480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4300595044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4300595044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4300595044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4300595044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 489049.847801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 489049.847801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 857275.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857275.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 489426.999431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 489426.999431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 489426.999431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 489426.999431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              486.879248                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1077603901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2185809.129817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    31.879248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.051089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1479887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1479887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1479887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1479887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1479887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1479887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    175401515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    175401515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    175401515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    175401515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    175401515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    175401515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1479937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1479937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1479937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1479937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1479937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1479937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3508030.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3508030.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3508030.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3508030.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3508030.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3508030.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4687968                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 937593.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    114462082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114462082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    114462082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    114462082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    114462082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    114462082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3012160.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3012160.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3012160.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3012160.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3012160.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3012160.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              160410272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             34100.823129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   221.765228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    34.234772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.866270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.133730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1178731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1178731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       875813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       875813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2054544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2054544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2054544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2054544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        11550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        11550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2589086250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2589086250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9803125                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9803125                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2598889375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2598889375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2598889375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2598889375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1190153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       875941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       875941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2066094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2066094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2066094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2066094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 226675.385222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226675.385222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 76586.914062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76586.914062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 225012.067100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225012.067100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 225012.067100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225012.067100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        29208                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        14604                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7102                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7102                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1103282904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1103282904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1566291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1566291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1104849195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1104849195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1104849195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1104849195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 249216.829456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249216.829456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 74585.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74585.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 248392.354991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248392.354991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 248392.354991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248392.354991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              571.581368                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1108823900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1911765.344828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    30.316749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.264619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.048585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1296582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1296582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1296582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1296582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1296582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1296582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     84180492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84180492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     84180492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84180492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     84180492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84180492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1296637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1296637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1296637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1296637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1296637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1296637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1530554.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1530554.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1530554.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1530554.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1530554.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1530554.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64386869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64386869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64386869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64386869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64386869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64386869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1740185.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1740185.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1740185.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1740185.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1740185.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1740185.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 8797                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              440445528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 9053                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             48651.886446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.133834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.866166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.434117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.565883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3385351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3385351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1852960                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1852960                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          907                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          907                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          904                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          904                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      5238311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        5238311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      5238311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       5238311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        32174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        32174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15969408467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15969408467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     37967834                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37967834                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16007376301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16007376301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16007376301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16007376301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3417487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3417487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1852998                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1852998                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          907                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          904                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          904                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      5270485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5270485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      5270485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5270485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 496932.053367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 496932.053367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 999153.526316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 999153.526316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 497525.216044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 497525.216044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 497525.216044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 497525.216044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23377                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23377                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4256627436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4256627436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9490630                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9490630                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4266118066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4266118066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4266118066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4266118066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 484368.165225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 484368.165225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1054514.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1054514.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 484951.468228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 484951.468228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 484951.468228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 484951.468228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              513.088717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1076040532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2061380.329502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    31.097471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   481.991247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.049836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1372705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1372705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1372705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1372705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1372705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1372705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    102169756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102169756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    102169756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102169756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    102169756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102169756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1372760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1372760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1372760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1372760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1372760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1372760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1857631.927273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1857631.927273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1857631.927273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1857631.927273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1857631.927273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1857631.927273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73718797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73718797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73718797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73718797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73718797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73718797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1842969.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1842969.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1842969.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1842969.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1842969.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1842969.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 6111                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              170138763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 6367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             26721.966860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   227.489835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    28.510165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.888632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.111368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       965850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        965850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       815849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       815849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1781699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1781699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1781699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1781699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          430                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          430                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        21500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        21500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8785752728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8785752728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    246998707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    246998707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9032751435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9032751435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9032751435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9032751435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       986920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       986920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       816279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       816279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1803199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1803199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1803199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1803199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 416979.246701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 416979.246701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 574415.597674                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 574415.597674                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 420127.973721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 420127.973721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 420127.973721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 420127.973721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4282338                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 535292.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            2182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15389                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15389                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2046386122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2046386122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1163159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1163159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2047549281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2047549281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2047549281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2047549281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 335858.546201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335858.546201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64619.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64619.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 335059.610702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335059.610702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 335059.610702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335059.610702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              513.245882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1076044584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2069316.507692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    31.245882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.050074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1376757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1376757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1376757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1376757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1376757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1376757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94108759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94108759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94108759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94108759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94108759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94108759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1376806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1376806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1376806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1376806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1376806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1376806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1920586.918367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1920586.918367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1920586.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1920586.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1920586.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1920586.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75813320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75813320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75813320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75813320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75813320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75813320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1995087.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1995087.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1995087.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1995087.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1995087.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1995087.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 6093                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              170140709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 6349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             26798.032604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   227.487680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    28.512320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.888624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.111376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       966232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        966232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       817409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       817409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1783641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1783641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1783641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1783641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        21241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21241                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        21241                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8483698415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8483698415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    261316520                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    261316520                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8745014935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8745014935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8745014935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8745014935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       987016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       817866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       817866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1804882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1804882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1804882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1804882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 408184.103878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 408184.103878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 571808.577681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 571808.577681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 411704.483546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 411704.483546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 411704.483546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 411704.483546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4664635                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 466463.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            2176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2011937325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2011937325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1099085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1099085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2013036410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2013036410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2013036410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2013036410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 331074.103176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331074.103176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64652.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64652.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 330330.884477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330330.884477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 330330.884477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330330.884477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              570.928650                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1108824591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1918381.645329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.309868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   541.618783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.046971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.867979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1297273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1297273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1297273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1297273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1297273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1297273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97384481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97384481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97384481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97384481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97384481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97384481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1297330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1297330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1297330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1297330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1297330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1297330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1708499.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1708499.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1708499.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1708499.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1708499.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1708499.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66281094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66281094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66281094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66281094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66281094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66281094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1893745.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1893745.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1893745.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1893745.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1893745.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1893745.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 8796                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              440450235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 9052                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             48657.781153                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.133257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.866743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.434114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.565886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3388454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3388454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1854563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1854563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          904                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          904                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      5243017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        5243017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      5243017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       5243017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           40                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           40                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        32111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        32111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15982442068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15982442068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     29268193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29268193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16011710261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16011710261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16011710261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16011710261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3420525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3420525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1854603                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1854603                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          908                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          904                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          904                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      5275128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5275128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      5275128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5275128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 498345.610302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 498345.610302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 731704.825000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 731704.825000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 498636.300987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 498636.300987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 498636.300987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 498636.300987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4261346573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4261346573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8745350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8745350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4270091923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4270091923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4270091923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4270091923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 484960.347445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 484960.347445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 971705.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 971705.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 485458.381423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 485458.381423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 485458.381423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 485458.381423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              486.893113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1077603613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2185808.545639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    31.893113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.051111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1479599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1479599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1479599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1479599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1479599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1479599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    163254167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    163254167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    163254167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    163254167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    163254167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    163254167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1479649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1479649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1479649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1479649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1479649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1479649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3265083.340000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3265083.340000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3265083.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3265083.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3265083.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3265083.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4041039                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1010259.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    107324903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107324903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    107324903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107324903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    107324903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107324903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2824339.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2824339.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2824339.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2824339.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2824339.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2824339.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4449                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              160410442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4705                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             34093.611477                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   221.804208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    34.195792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.866423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.133577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1178798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1178798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       875907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       875907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2289                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2289                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2054705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        2054705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2054705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       2054705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        11540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11540                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        11540                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2596744003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2596744003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9079176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9079176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2605823179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2605823179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2605823179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2605823179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1190223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       876022                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       876022                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         2289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         2131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2066245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2066245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2066245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2066245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 227286.127177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227286.127177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 78949.356522                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78949.356522                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 225807.901127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225807.901127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 225807.901127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225807.901127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        14314                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        14314                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1065                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1065                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           94                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           94                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7091                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7091                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1097234277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1097234277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1538208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1538208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1098772485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1098772485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1098772485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1098772485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 247794.552168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247794.552168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        73248                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        73248                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 246970.664194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246970.664194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 246970.664194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246970.664194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
